<doc id="54784938" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54784938" title="Physics of whistles">
Physics of whistles

A <a href="whistle">whistle</a> is a device that makes sound from blowing air. The physical theory of the sound making process is an example of the application of the science of <a href="fluid%20dynamics">fluid dynamics</a>. Knowledge of the geometry, dimensions and fluid properties can allow prediction of the properties of the whistle. The principles relevant to whistle operation also have applications in other areas such as fluid flow measurement. 
Types.
Wilson, et al., in their study of human whistling (see below), pointed out the importance of including the symmetry or asymmetry of the unstable flow in addition to the feedback classes listed below. Because of the close relationship of flow symmetry to the sound field generated, their concept was included here as part of the sound source description (monopole -symmetric and dipole - asymmetric).

The monopole whistle.
Whistles that generate sound through fluctuations of mass flow across a boundary are called monopole-like sources. The figure on the right is an example of a small sphere whose volume is oscillating. Any arbitrary fixed boundary drawn around the sphere will show a net mass flow across it. If the sphere is small enough relative to the sound wavelength it is emitting, it can be called a point monopole. For this type of source, the sound is emitted radially so the sound field is the same in every direction and decays with the inverse square of the distance. Real whistles are only approximations to this idealized model. most have boundaries around them such as the Hole Tone described below. Nevertheless, much can be learned about whistles with the useful form of the sound power equation for the monopole. Using the definitions below, it can be expressed as

The variables "U" and "L" are considered characteristic of the source and their correct choice is important.

The dipole whistle.
Whistles that generate sound through fluctuations of momentum or a force exerted on the surrounding medium are called dipole-like sources. The figure on the right is example of a small "rigid" sphere that is moving back and forth in a given direction. If the sphere is small with respect to the wavelength of the sound emitted, it can be called a point dipole. A force must be applied to the sphere in a specific direction to move it. The surrounding medium in the direction of motion is compressed to radiate sound, but the medium at right angles slides past the sphere and is not compressed.

This results in a non-uniform sound field, unlike the monopole whistle. Real whistles are only approximations to this idealized model. Although tuning forks are not whistles, they create sound fields that are very close to the idealized dipole model. Nevertheless, much can be learned about whistles with the useful form of the sound power equation for the dipole. Using the definitions below, it can be expressed as

Once again, "U" and "L" must be chosen correctly.

Feedback categories.
Aerodynamic whistles rely on the instability of flows and some mechanism downstream to send the disturbance back to the origin to continue the instability. There are several ways that feedback can occur.

Category I.
The sound from a Category I whistle is primarily a "byproduct" of source motion. In every case, there is a back reaction of the medium on the source (resistive and reactive impedance). One example of a weak back reaction is a vibrating iron body in air. The densities are so different the back reaction is often ignored. Back reactions of air on an air source or water on a water source can be different. In many cases, say turbulent jets, the sound created is random and it is convenient to consider the sound to be merely a byproduct of the flow. In this category the back reaction is insufficient to strongly control source motion, so whistles are not in this category.

Category II.
The back reaction of the medium is an "determinant" of source motion. In many important cases, linear thinking (small cause = small effect) is fallacious. Unstable fluid motion or the sound generated by it can feedback to the source and control it, much like audio feedback squeal. The basic requirements for a feedback controlled system are:
Whistles are in this category. There are several ways to describe the feedback process.

Class 1.
The feedback is essentially incompressible; the speed of sound, although finite, is sufficiently large that it can be considered infinite. This action may be called near field or hydrodynamic feedback. There are a number Class I devices. The feedback that causes a stick in a water stream to vibrate, or a flag to wave, is due to hydrodynamic feedback.

Class II.
The feedback is compressible and depends on the speed of sound. This action may be called intermediate field, quasi-compressible feedback. A well known example is the hole tone (described below) where the feedback distance of a compressible (sound) wave is very small as compared to the wavelength of the sound.

Class III.
The feedback is compressible and depends on the speed of sound. This may be called far field or acoustic feedback. the feedback distance of a compressible wave can be an appreciable fraction of the wavelength of the sound. An example is the flute.

The figure on the right shows a block diagram of these feedback mechanisms. All aerodynamic whistles operate under one of the classes.

Stages.
There are feedback loops associated with many whistle operations and they are non-linear. Because of the nonlinearity, there can be several possible conditions for a given flow speed or geometry. Which of these is dominant is determined by the gain of the unstable flow at a particular frequency and whether the feedback is constructive or destructive.

Early studies have used the term stage to describe the possible states of feedback as shown schematically in the figure on the right. As the flow speed increases (Reynolds number, Re) the frequency slowly climbs (nearly constant Strouhal number, St) but then the frequency jumps up abruptly to a higher stage. As the flow speed is later decreased the frequency slowly decreases but then jumps down abruptly to a lower stage. This pattern is called a "hysteresis loop".

At any particular flow speed it is possible for one of several loops to be dominant, depending on how that speed was achieved. In a number of the whistles described here, Stage I is associated with the development of a single vortex in the distance between initiation of the flow instability and initiation of the feedback signal.

Higher stages are associated with more vortices in that distance, hinting that this distance can be an important characteristic dimension. In several whistles, three stages have been identified (edge tone). By blowing hard in some musical wind instruments Stage I jumps to Stage II; it is called "overblowing".

Flow instability.
Flow instability is the engine for whistles. It converts steady energy to time dependent energy. Conversion of laminar flow to turbulent flow is a well known example. Small disturbances to the laminar flow cause the transition.

An example is shown in the figure on the right with a water jet. The laminar two-dimensional jet amplifies small disturbances at the orifice to generate a "vortex street". For this case, the flow speed, in terms of Reynolds number, was graphed against the disturbance frequency, in terms of the Strouhal number for a variety of disturbance amplitudes to reveal the region of instability as shown in the figure on the left. The value of "D" in the figure represents the ratio of the lateral disturbance displacement to the nozzle width; the disturbances were minute.

The disturbance was temporal in the example, but can also be spatial. Transition to turbulence can occur over a rough surface or over an irregular shape, such as an aircraft spoiler. All whistle mechanisms described here are created by temporal disturbances that are in one of the three classes.

One important source of instability in a fluid is the presence of a velocity gradient or shear layer with an inflection point. Thus, fluid instability can be described as a three dimensional region with flow speed on one axis, disturbance amplitude on the second, and velocity profile on the third.

In a whistle, the instability starts at some point in the three dimensional region and then moves along some path in that region as the local variables change. This makes the comprehensive understanding of whistle instability mechanisms very difficult.

Scaling.
Whistles come in all shapes and sizes, but their operation can be unified through the concepts of dynamic and geometric similarity. Nature knows nothing of the specific measurement systems we use; it cares only about ratios between the various forces, time scales, and the several dimensions. To compare them we need to take into account the established ratios that are relevant to whistle operation.

Similarity is best exposed by determining a speed, "U", that is characteristic of the dynamics, and a dimension, "L", that is characteristic of the geometry. If these values are used in dimensionless numbers, such as those listed below, much understanding of the phenomenon can be achieved.

Strouhal number.
The first number is the ratio of unsteady inertial forces to steady inertial forces. The number was named in honor of <a href="Vincenz%20Strouhal">Vincenz Strouhal</a> who first deduced the relationship between the vortex shedding frequency around a cylinder and the flow speed. The characteristic variables were the cylinder diameter "L", and the speed of the flow over it "U". He found the number to be reasonably constant over given a Reynolds number range.

This number permits relationships to be developed between the different sizes and speeds. Now the Strouhal number can be derived directly from the dimensionless form of the mass continuity equation. This equation may be referred to as a "fluid mechanical" Strouhal number in comparison with the second version which may be referred to as the "acoustical" Strouhal number.

The first version is used for dynamic similarity of the fluid motion in whistles while the second version is used for dynamic similarity of the acoustical motion in whistles. Many whistles, especially those with Class III feedback, require use of both numbers. The acoustical Strouhal number is essentially the Helmholtz number with the 2 deleted.

Mach number.
It is the ratio of the steady speed to the speed of sound. The number was named in honor of <a href="Ernst%20Mach">Ernst Mach</a> who first studied (among other things) supersonic flow and shock waves.

This number describes the range between flows that can be considered incompressible and flows where compressibility is important. Now the Mach number can be derived directly from the dimensionless form of the momentum equation.

Reynolds number.
It is the ratio of the steady inertial forces to the steady viscous forces.

The number was named in honor of <a href="Osborne%20Reynolds">Osborne Reynolds</a>, an engineer who did pioneering studies on the transition of laminar to turbulent flow in pipes.

Now the Reynolds number can be derived directly from the dimensionless form of the momentum equation.

Rossby number.
It is the ratio of linear velocity to tangential velocity for swirl flows. The frequency is characteristic of the rotation rate of the flow.

The number was named in honor of <a href="Carl-Gustaf%20Rossby">Carl-Gustaf Rossby</a>, a meteorologist who first described the large scale motions of the atmosphere in terms of fluid mechanics. He described the jet stream, and his number was first used to describe the motion associated with the Coriolis force in the atmosphere.

Now the Rossby number can be derived directly from the dimensionless form of the momentum equation in curvilinear coordinates.

Dimensionless force.
The ratio of the actual dynamic force to the steady momentum.

Dimensionless volumetric flow rate.
The ratio of the dynamic volumetric flow rate to the steady volumetric flow rate.

Monopole-like whistles.
In these whistles, the flow instability is symmetric, often resulting in periodic ring vortices and the sound generation is associated with fluctuations of volumetric (mass) flow rates. The sound field is as close to the directivity of an actual monopole source as local geometry allows.

Hole tone (tea pot whistle, bird call).
The steady flow from a circular orifice can be converted to an oscillatory flow by adding a downstream plate with a circular hole aligned with the orifice. Small perturbations in the flow feedback to the orifice to cause a variable volumetric flow rate through the downstream hole because of the symmetry of the feedback.

The disturbance in the jet is a symmetric vortex ring that moves at some speed slower than the mean jet speed until it encounters the hole and some fluid is forced through it, resulting in a monopole-like sound field in the half space outside. The oscillatory volumetric flow in the hole sends a wave back to the orifice to complete the feedback loop and causing a nearly pure tone.

The figure on the right shows a schematic of the geometry.

To invoke dynamic similarity, the characteristic speed in a study was chosen to be the average speed of the jet at the orifice "U" (deduced from measured volumetric flow rate) and the characteristic length was chosen to be the orifice diameter "δ". Tests were made at five spacing distances "" from the orifice. Two scaling laws were used; the Strouhal number was graphed as a function of Reynolds number. The results are shown in the figure on the right.

The frequency of the tone determined by how often a vortex encountered the hole while moving at some speed "u" less than the initial jet speed. Since the jet slowed as it proceeded toward the hole, the speed of the vortex slowed with it so the frequency and Strouhal number was greater at closer spacing. The Strouhal number data showed clearly the almost linear relation between frequency and initial jet speed. The number would be more constant if the actual jet speed at the hole could have been used as the characteristic speed. In four of the distances tested, there were jumps between Stage I and Stage II. The hysteresis loops are clear indications of the complex nature of the jet instability gain structure.

The uniformity of the measured sound field for this whistle confirmed its monopole-like nature. Measurements of speed dependence of the sound level showed it to be very close to "U", further confirming the monopole nature of the source. At these speeds and spacings, the feedback was normally Class II, but reflecting surfaces as far away as three meters and with proper phasing, controlled the tone, converting the feedback to Class III.

At higher Reynolds numbers, the flow became chaotic resulting in broad-band sound. The hole tone has been rediscovered in the form of the tea pot whistle. They found that above a Reynolds number of 2000, hole tone operation occurred with symmetric vortex evolution and a constant Strouhal number with Reynolds number. Comparison of their data with data in the figure suggests that the cylindrical enclosure between the two orifices raises the Strouhal number. There was no mention of frequency jumps. They noted that at lower speeds, the cylindrical volume responded as a Helmholtz resonator. Baron Rayleigh was aware of this whistle; it was called the "bird call" then.

There seems to be evidence that events similar to the hole tone occur on aircraft landing gear covers with circular holes. In Australia, there is the "Tenterfield Fox Whistle" and the "Traditional Fox Whistle" that appear to operate as hole tones.

Corrugated pipe whistle.
This whistle has dozens of popular names. Pipes with sinusoidal variations of radius are often created to permit bending. Steady flow through the pipe at low Reynolds numbers results in a fluctuating volumetric flow rate that generates a monopole-like sound field at the pipe exit. Examples of such pipes are shown in figure on the right.

The yellow plastic pipe is actually a child’s toy that sounds when the pipe is whirled around. The metal pipe shown was used in the Concorde cockpit to provide cooling air to the pilots, but its loud tone got it canceled. This whistle is similar in many respects to the hole tone, in particular the teapot whistle. It is subject to frequency jumps and hysteresis loops. There are numerous articles on the internet about this whistle and it has been studied.

The characteristic speed is the mean flow through the pipe "U" and the characteristic length must be a multiple of the spacing between corrugations, "nL", where "n" is an integer number and "L" is the distance between corrugations. At low speeds, the unstable interior flow needs to travel several corrugations to establish the feedback loop. As the speed increases, the loop can be established with fewer corrugations. Simple tests were performed on the yellow plastic tube.

The Strouhal number
was used as the scaling factor. The highest frequency (7554 Hz) was found in the “overblown” condition and "n" was presumed as one corrugation. At the least flow rate, the frequency of 2452 Hz compared favorably to "n" = 3. At intermediate flow rates, several non-harmonically related frequencies occurred simultaneously suggesting that several corrugations were involved in the sound generation. In the smaller metal tube, a predominant tone appeared at 6174 Hz and corresponded to "n" = 2. A unique aspect of this whistle is that the internal flow carries both the unstable vortex downstream and the returning feedback signal upstream.

Pipe tone (Pfeifenton).
The unique feature of this whistle is that the tone sounds only with flow through the orifice from outside; it is an acoustical diode. A cylindrical cavity with a small circular, square-edged hole at one end and totally open at the other is known to generate a tone when air is passed through it. It is subject to frequency jumps and hysteresis loops similar to the hole tone. There appear to be two stages and the feedback is likely Class II if the tube is short. The fundamental tone occurs near "λ" = 4"L", so one characteristic dimension is "L", the length of the tube. The characteristic speed "U" is that of the flow through the hole.

A monopole-like sound field is generated by volumetric flow rate oscillations. Karthik and Anderson have studied this phenomenon and concluded that symmetric vortex shedding on the cavity side is the driving agency.

An example of this device is shown in the figure on the right; it had a 0.125-inch diameter hole, was 1.9 inches long, and 0.8 inches in diameter. The quarter wave resonance was calculated to be 1780 Hz, while the measured fundamental was 1625 Hz with detectable second and third harmonics. End corrections for radiation from the openings is needed to bring the two frequencies in consonance. To determine the end corrections, two additional dimensions are needed: the diameter of the orifice "d" and the diameter of the tube "d".

Hartmann, Galton whistles (stem jet).
The previous whistles occur at low flow speeds, this whistle occurs at very high speeds. When a subsonic jet impinges on a cavity, jet instability becomes part of the feedback loop as with the hole tone. When a supersonic jet impinges on a cavity, shock wave instability becomes part of the feedback loop. The figure on the right is one example of this whistle. A cylindrical cavity with one end open and facing the supersonic circular jet will result in extremely intense sound. The shapes in the figure represent the shock/expansion cells within the jet. A related configuration, called the "stem jet", has a central rod in the jet that extends to support and align the cavity. There are a number of other geometric variations, all of which operate in similar fashion, such as the <a href="steam%20whistle">steam whistle</a>.

These devices have been studied, and reviewed by Raman. Here we look primarily at the Hartmann whistle. The shock cells of the jet interact with the shock in front of the cavity (the flow in the cavity being subsonic). Small symmetric disturbances in the jet stream are amplified as they proceed toward the cavity (similar in some respects to the hole tone) causing the shock in front of the cavity to oscillate. The shock front acts much like a piston source of high energy resulting in a monopole-like sound field. Again the volumetric flow is directional unlike the theoretical monopole.

The sound field may be similar to that created by oscillatory flow from a pipe, except for presence of the supersonic jet structure which can strongly modify the directivity. The original equation of Hartmann is shown below.

The diameter of the orifice and cavity is "d", the distance between orifice and cavity is "h", and the orifice pressure "P" was given in kilograms per meter squared. At the lower limit of "h" the second term disappears. In this case, the equation could have been reformatted in terms of the acoustical Strouhal number as shown in the second equation above. The characteristic speed "U" at the nozzle is the sound speed "c". It is interesting that the number is very close to that found by Strouhal for flow over a cylinder. There are two characteristic length scales. Nozzle diameter "d" characterizes the sound power while the separation distance "h" characterizes the frequency.

Comprehensive studies of this phenomenon have shown that the position of the cavity is critical in creating sound. The process has hysteresis loops and the frequencies are related to multiples of the quarter wavelength resonance of the cavity. After reformatting Hartmann’s formula, and using the new formulation above, an equation for sound power can be written.

Since the characteristic speed "U" and sound speed are essentially the same, it can be rewritten as the second equation. This equation has the same structure as the one for the point monopole shown above. Although the amplitude factor "A" replaces the dimensionless volumetric flow rate in these equations, the speed dependence strongly confirms the monopole-like characteristics of the Hartmann whistle. A cousin to the Hartmann whistle is shown in the figure on the right, the "Galton whistle". Here the cavity is excited by an "annular jet" which oscillates symmetrically around the sharp edges of the cavity. It appears to be a circular version of the edge tone (discussed below) in which the symmetry of the otherwise dipole source of the edge tone is converted to a monopole source.

Since it is highly likely that the oscillations are coherent around the periphery, there should be a fluctuating volumetric flow rate from the cavity with only a small net lateral force. Thus the source is yet another version of a monopole-like geometry; the volumetric flow rate is a cylindrical area between the jet and cavity.

Rijke tube.
There are a number of whistle phenomena in which heat plays a role. The temperature in a sound wave varies, but since it is so small normally it is common to neglect its effects. When amplification can occur a small variation can grow and have important influence on the sound field created. The most well known thermal whistle is the <a href="Rijke%20tube">Rijke tube</a>. Peter Rijke placed a heated a gauze material inside a vertical tube.

Originally, the gauze was heated with a Bunsen burner; later, a wire grid was heated electrically. The heat transferred to the air in the tube sets it into near half-wave resonance if the gauze is placed below the midpoint of the tube as shown in the figure on the right. There is no theoretically optimum position, as the wave speed upward is "c" + "u", the convection speed, while the wave speed downward is "c" − "u". Without a convection flow, the midpoint and the lower tube end are the best locations for heat transfer. With convection, a compromise position halfway between the two points is normally chosen which depends on the amount of heat added. One characteristic length associated with frequency is tube length "L".

Another characteristic length associated with sound power is "αL", the position of the gauze. The characteristic speed must be the convection speed "u" at the heat source. For detailed study of the whistle, see Matveev. Since the first mode resonance is about half-wave, the sound field emitted from the tube is from two in-phase monopole-like sources, one at either end. A gas flame inside a tube can drive resonance; it was called a "<a href="singing%20flame">singing flame</a>". There is a reverse Rijke Tube when hot air passes through a cold grid.

Sondhauss and Taconis tubes.
The Sondhauss Tube is one of the early thermal tone generators; it was discovered in the glass blowing industry. A bulb with hot air is connected to one end of a tube that is at room temperature. When the cold tube is blown, tube acoustic oscillations occur. It was discussed by Baron Rayleigh in his Theory of Sound. This device is not considered a true whistle since the oscillations decay as the temperatures equalize.

In analyzing this tube, Rayleigh noted that if heat had been added at the point of highest density in the sound wave, and subtracted at the point of lowest density, the vibration would be encouraged. Another <a href="thermoacoustics">thermal effect</a> is called the Taconis oscillation. If a stainless steel tube has one side at room temperature and the other side in contact with liquid helium, spontaneous acoustic oscillations are observed. Again, the Sondhauss tube is not a true whistle.

Human whistle.
The number and variety of whistles created by humans is quite large, yet very little has been done to examine the physics of the process. There are three possible mechanisms: Helmholtz resonance, symmetric hole tone operation (monopole), or asymmetric edge tone operation (dipole).

Wilson and his colleagues have simulated the human whistle by creating a cylinder 2.04 inches in diameter with a rounded orifice at one end that supplied a jet and another rounded orifice at the other end of the same diameter and on the same axis. The geometry was very similar to that of the tea pot whistle. After a number of tests at various speeds, orifice diameters, and orifice thicknesses, they concluded that the whistle was created by a Helmholtz resonance in the cylinder volume. There was enough data for one case in their study to calculate the Strouhal and Reynolds numbers. The results are shown in the figure on the right.

The Strouhal number was essentially constant over the limited speed range, suggesting hole tone operation with Class I or Class II feedback. Their work indicated symmetric unstable vortex flow as would be expected but there was no mention of stages. In the study by Henrywood, it was noted that Helmholtz resonance could occur at low speeds. The flexibility of the mouth suggests that although a hole tone feedback mechanism is highly likely, the possibility of Helmholtz resonances in the mouth cavity and asymmetric edge tone actions with the teeth are considered possible.

Dipole-like whistles.
In these whistles, the flow instability is asymmetric, often resulting in rows of alternate vortices and the sound generation is associated with fluctuations of applied force. The sound field is as close to a dipole source as local geometry allows.

Aeolian tone.
The steady flow over a cylinder (or similar object) will generate vortex shedding and consequent sound. The early Greeks used this phenomenon to develop a harp and the sound was called an Aeolian tone after Aeolus, God of the Wind.

Whistling telephone wires, automobile radio antennae, certain automobile front grilles, and smoke stacks are other examples of this tone. At very low Reynolds numbers, the flow around a cylinder is stable, forming two fixed vortices behind it. As the speed increases, the flow, although laminar, becomes unstable and vortices are shed "alternately".

Hydrodynamic feedback (Class I) influences the formation of new vortices and exerts a fluctuating force on the cylinder. The flow field is shown in the upper figure on the right (created by Gary Koopman). Theodor von Karman identified and analyzed the flow behind objects like a cylinder and since then this special flow has been called the "Karman vortex street". Vincenz Strouhal was the first to scientifically investigate the sound emitted by flow around a rigid cylinder. At low Reynolds numbers the tone was pure and the frequency was proportional to the steady flow speed "U" and inversely proportional to the cylinder diameter "d".

For many applications, the first equation below is often used. A review of the literature produced the figure on the right for the Strouhal number. At low Reynolds numbers the Strouhal number rises as inertial effects begin to dominate and then decays slightly at higher numbers. The second equation below is a best fit for the data between 1000 < Re < 100,000.

It is surprising how often oscillatory flow phenomenon have Strouhal numbers in this range. For shape comparison, the Strouhal number for an ellipse has been measured at 0.218, a cylinder at 0.188, a square at 0.160, and a triangle at 0.214. The characteristic dimension is that of the object lateral to the flow and the characteristic speed is that of the impinging flow.

The second equation suggests that the Strouhal number is a weak negative function of Reynolds number. This suggests that the dynamic similarity approximation is reasonable. The fluctuating force exerted on the cylinder is a result of the flow circulation around it caused by the alternate vortex separation as suggested in the third figure. The fact that the vortices are not directly behind the cylinder suggests that the force vector has both a lift and drag component resulting in lift and drag dipoles.

An approximate way to relate the sound generated to the flow characteristics is to perturb the standard drag equation with velocity perturbations as shown in the upper equation below.(lift measurements for cylinders are generally not available). The upper equation is the modified drag equation with both drag component "u" and lift component "v" and the cross sectional area "dL" where "d" is the cylinder diameter and "w" is the length.

Manipulation of the equation yields the lower two equations for the dipole sound power of both lift and drag. Each time a vortex is shed, the drag velocity fluctuation "u" has the same sign, but the lateral velocity fluctuation "v", has opposite signs, since the vortex is shed on alternate sides. As a result, The drag dipole would be expected to be twice the frequency of the lift dipole.

Phillips found the lateral velocity fluctuations were two orders of magnitude greater than the longitudinal, so the lift dipole is 20 dB above the drag dipole. He found the drag dipole did occur at twice the frequency of the lift dipole. At higher speeds, the vortex separation may not be correlated over the entire length of the cylinder resulting in multiple essentially independent dipole sources and lower sound power. The lower figure on the right shows the correlation coefficient as a function of distance along the cylinder and is from the Etkin, et al. study.

Trailing edge tone.
The boundary layer on the airfoil of a glider is laminar and vortex shedding similar to that of a cylinder occurs at the trailing edge. The sound can be a nearly pure tone.

The figure on the left shows a one-third octave band spectrum taken under a glider flyover; the tone is 15 dB above the broad band sound. The aircraft speed "U" was and the frequency was near 1400 Hz.

Based on a Strouhal number of 0.20, the characteristic dimension "δ" was calculated to be near ¼ inch; the boundary layer thickness. A dipole sound field was created at the trailing edge due to the fluctuating force exerted on it.

At higher speeds on powered aircraft, the boundary layer on the airfoil is turbulent and more complex vortex shedding patterns have been observed. Since it is difficult to measure in flight, Hayden made static tests.

The figure on the right shows an example. A boundary layer flow was created on both sides of a thin rigid flat plate which terminated with a square trailing edge. Note the nearly pure tone at 2000 Hz with a Strouhal number of 0.21 protruding above the turbulent sound spectrum. Once again the magic number of Strouhal appears. The characteristic speed was the mean speed of the jet, "U" and the characteristic dimension was chosen as the trailing edge thickness "t". The better characteristic dimension would have been the boundary layer thickness, but fortunately the two dimensions were almost the same. The measured sound field was clearly dipole-like (modified slightly by the plate presence).

The lower figure on the right shows a number of turbulent sound spectra measured at various speeds. The frequencies were Strouhal number scaled with "U" and the sound levels were scaled with the dipole sound power rule of "U" over a speed range of 3 to 1. The data fit was quite good, confirming dynamic similarity and the dipole model. The slight discrepancy in level and frequency overlap suggests that both the dimensionless force and the Strouhal number had weak dependence on the Reynolds number.

Another characteristic dimension is the airfoil chord. In these tests the jet width was sufficient to keep the vortex shedding coherent across it. On an airfoil there would be a correlation length less than the wingspan resulting in a number independent dipoles arrayed laterally. The sound power would be diminished somewhat. Since the dipole model is based on the time rate of change of the force, reduction of sound power might be accomplished by reducing that rate. One possible means would be for the opposite sides of the surface to gradually sense each other spatially prior to the trailing edge and thus reduce the rate at the edge. This might be done by a section of graduated porous or flexible materials.

Circular saw whistle.
An edge tone occurs when a jet impinges on a fixed surface. A trailing edge tone occurs when an exterior flow passes over a trailing edge. There is a whistle that is a combination of an edge tone and a trailing edge tone and might be called a "wake-edge tone". It occurs in rotating circular saws under idling conditions and may be called the "circular saw whistle". Under load conditions, blade vibration plays a role which is not addressed here.

There have been several studies of the fundamental sound generating mechanisms of this whistle.

A drawing of typical blade construction is shown in the figure on the right. Research has shown that the sound field is dipole with the primary axis perpendicular to the blade plane. The sources are fluctuating forces acting on each cutting blade. Bies determined that the characteristic speed was the blade velocity, "RΩ", and the characteristic dimension was the tooth area. Other researchers used blade thickness as the characteristic dimension. Cho and Mote found that the Strouhal number St = "" was between 0.1 and 0.2 where "h" was the blade thickness. Poblete et al., found Strouhal numbers between 0.12 and 0.18. If the edge tone is relevant, perhaps the characteristic dimension should be the gap between the blades.

The researchers deduced that the fluctuating force was proportional to "U", but the sound power was found to vary from "U" to "U". If the measurement bandwidth is broad and the measurement distance is out of the near field, there are two dynamic factors (Strouhal number and dimensionless force), that can cause the exponent to be less than six. Both the Deltameter and hole tone data show the Strouhal number is a weak negative function of Reynolds number, which is squared in the sound power equation. This would result in a reduced speed exponent. This factor is not likely to explain the large reduction in exponent however.

The blade geometry was highly variable in the tests, so it is likely that the negative dependence of the dimensionless force on Reynolds number is the major factor. This whistle has two features that separate it from the other whistles described here. The first is that there are a multiplicity of these dipole sources arrayed around the periphery, that most likely are radiating at the same frequency, but incoherently. The second is that blade motion creates a steady, but rotating, pressure field at each blade. The rotating steady force creates a rotating dipole field which has an influence in the geometric near field. The feedback is Class I (hydrodynamic) and there is no indication that stages other than Stage 1 occur.

Ring tone.
The word "ring" here refers to something akin to that worn on the finger and not the sound from a cellphone. The flow from a circular orifice impinging on a toroidal ring of the same diameter as the orifice will result in a tone; it is called a "ring tone". It is similar to the hole tone described above except that because the plate was replaced by a ring a fundamental change in the resultant sound field occurs. Small disturbances at the ring feed back to the orifice to be amplified by the flow instability (Class I). The unstable flow creates a set of symmetric (ring) vortices that later impinge on the physical ring.

The passage of a vortex by the ring is shown schematically in the figure on the right in three steps. The flow vectors in the figure are merely suggestive of direction.

When two vortices are equidistant from the ring, one being beyond and the other approaching, the net circulation around the ring is zero; the null point for the flow oscillation. Each vortex creates a circular (ring) flow field whose axis varies slightly from the vertical as it passes. The figure suggests that the main component of the force on the physical ring is in the direction of the jet flow. If the vortex is a true ring (all parts are in phase), a dipole sound field directed along the jet axis is created.

The figure also suggests that there is a lateral component of force which can only be interpreted as a weak radial dipole. Experiments have been performed on the ring tone. The lower figure on the right shows the relationship of frequency to Reynolds number. If the Strouhal number were graphed in lieu of the frequency, it would have shown that contours were reasonably constant similar to those for the hole tone. Close examination of the data in the figure showed a slight negative dependence of Strouhal number on Reynolds number.

It appears that this whistle has only two stages. The sound field was measured and clearly indicated a dipole whose axis was aligned with the jet axis. Since there were no reflecting surfaces near the source, the data also indicated that a weaker radial dipole component also existed. Such a field can only exist if there is a time delay at a distant point between each of the force components.

Inaudible whistles.
Most of the whistles described generate nearly pure tones that can be heard. The mountain tones discussed above are examples of tones that are inaudible because they are below the frequency range of humans. There are others whose sound levels are below the audible range of humans. For example, the vortex street behind a stick underwater might radiate at audible frequencies but not sufficiently to be heard by a Scuba diver. There are others that are both below audible frequencies and below audible levels.

An unstable water jet, similar to the one shown in the flow instability section above, was not disturbed deliberately, but was allowed to rise to a free water surface. On contact with the surface, a slight jet asymmetry caused an unsymmetrical raised surface that fed back to the jet origin and began a process that looked like a weak version of the flow instability figure. If the jet was not powered, but warmer than the surrounding fluid, it would rise and when encountering the surface would generate a similar feedback system.

Such a phenomenon was observed, but not photographed, in the Owens Valley of California. Early in the morning with no wind, thin clouds were observed to form above the valley. The distinction was that they were created alternately and moved in opposite directions away from a central location on the valley floor, suggesting the existence of an inaudible free convection whistle. The reason for including this type of whistle is that we tend to think that it is necessary for a forced jet flow to encounter a solid material to create a whistle. Perhaps it would be more correct to generalize the concept to a particular impedance mismatch rather than a solid object. The Hartmann whistle and the jet screech fits into this generalization. The concept also applies to any fluid motion as opposed to a strictly forced flow.

Vortex whistle.
When the swirling flow within a pipe encounters the exit, it can become unstable. An example of the original system is shown in the figure on the left. The instability arises when there is a reversed flow on the axis.

The axis of rotation itself precesses around the pipe axis resulting in a rotating force at the pipe exit and results in a rotating dipole sound field. Studies of this whistle have shown that dynamic similarity based on the pipe diameter "d" as the characteristic length scale, and inlet mean flow speed "U" as the characteristic speed was not achieved, as shown in the lower figure on the right. A more correct speed would be that characteristic of the swirl "fd", where "f" is the precession (and sound) frequency, based on the Rossby number. To test the relevance of this new characteristic speed, the flow rate was increased and the frequency and level of the sound was measured. Using the dipole model, the calculated force was found to be nearly proportional to ("fd"), confirming the correctness of the new characteristic speed.

Measurements showed that the vortex whistle was created by a rotating asymmetric vortex which created a rotating force vector in the plane of the exit and a rotating dipole sound field. The phenomenon of swirl instability has been shown to occur in other situations. One was the flow separation on the upper side of delta-shaped airfoils of high speed aircraft (Concorde), The angle of attack of the leading edge resulted in a swirl flow that became unstable. Another is the flow within cyclone separators; the swirling flow there occurs in an annular region between two tubes. The flow reverses at the closed end of the outer tube and exits through the inner tube. Under certain conditions, the flow in the reversal region becomes unstable, resulting in a period rotating force on the outer tube.

Periodic vibration of a cyclone separator would indicate vortex instability. Large centrifugal fans sometimes use radial inlet blades that can be rotated to control the flow into the fan; they create a swirling flow. At near shutoff, where the swirl is very high, "rotating blade stall" of the fan blades occurs. Although not researched, it is highly likely that swirl instability is the cause. The feedback is clearly hydrodynamic (Class I) and there is no indication that more than one stage occurs.

Swirl meter.
The method of creating swirl in the vortex whistle was considered the cause for lack of dynamic similarity, so the swirl was created in a pipe with a contraction having swirl blades followed by an expansion to create the required axial backflow. This was the vortex whistle in a pipe. Measurements made with this geometry, are shown in the figure on the right. As can be seen, dynamic similarity was achieved with both air and water. This whistle became a flow meter called the "swirlmeter". Its accuracy rivals that of the vortex shedding meters described above but has a higher pressure drop. The feedback is hydrodynamic (Class I) and only one stage was found.

Edge tone.
When a rectangular jet impinges on a sharp edged object such as a wedge, a feedback loop can be established resulting in a nearly pure tone. The figure on the right shows schematically the circulation of two vortices as they pass the wedge. This simple diagram suggests that there is a force applied to the wedge whose angle varies as the vortices pass.

As found in the Aeolian tone, the vertical component (lift) is large and results in a dipole-like sound field at the wedge (shown in the lower figure) and a much weaker horizontal component (drag) at twice the frequency (not shown). The drag component may contribute as part of the driving force for musical instruments (discussed below). A seminal study by Powell of this phenomenon has exposed many details of the edgetone phenomenon. He showed that this whistle has three stages and the feedback loop was hydrodynamic (Class I). A semi-empirical equation for the frequency, developed by Curle, when converted to Strouhal number, is

This equation, applicable for "" > 10, shows the mean speed "U" of the jet at the orifice as the characteristic speed and the distance "h" from orifice to the edge as the characteristic dimension. The integer "n" represents the various vortex modes. It also suggests that dynamic similarity is achieved to a first approximation; one deviation is that the speed at the wedge, which is less than that at the orifice, should be the characteristic speed. A weak negative Reynolds number effect is likely. The orifice width "d" also has some influence; it is related to vortex size and lateral correlation of the shedding process.

The presence of a dipole sound field and a periodic force proportional to "U" was confirmed by Powell. Numerical simulations of the edge tone and extensive references can be found in a NASA report. The lower figure on the right may be called a "wake edge tone". If the preferred frequencies of the trailing edge instability match the preferred frequencies of the free edge tone, a stronger dipole sound should arise. There does not appear to be any research on this configuration.

Shallow cavity tone.
The study of sound generated by flow over cavities at high speed has been well funded by the federal government so a considerable amount of effort has been made. The problem relates to flow over aircraft cavities in flight such as bomb bays or wheel wells. Flow over a cavity in a surface can result in excitation of a feedback loop and nearly pure tones. Unlike the edge tone noted above, the cavity edge is typically square, but also can be an edge as part of a thin structural shell. Cavities can be separated into "shallow" or "deep" ones, the difference being that for deep cavities a Class III (acoustical) feedback path may be controlling. Shallow cavities are addressed here and are those in which the cavity length "L" is greater than the cavity depth "D".

At high speeds "U", the flow is turbulent and in some studies the speed can be supersonic and the sound generated can be quite high level. One study has shown that several modes of oscillation (stages) can occur in a shallow cavity; the modes being related to the number of vortices in the distance "L". For shorter cavities and lower Mach numbers, there is a "shear-layer mode", while for longer cavities and higher Mach numbers there is a "wake mode". The shear-layer mode is characterized well by the feedback process described by Rossiter. The wake mode is characterized instead by a large-scale vortex shedding with a Strouhal number independent of Mach number. There is an empirical equation for these data; it is called "Rossiter’s formula".

Lee and others have shown it in Strouhal number form as

The bracketed term includes two feedback loop speeds; the downstream speed is the speed of the vortices "u" and the upstream speed is that of sound "c". The various modes are described by an integer "n" with an empirical delay constant "β" (near 0.25). The integer "n" is closely related to the number of vortices en route to the edge. It is clear from shadowgraphs that the fluctuating force near the downstream edge is the sound source. Since the Mach number of the flow can be appreciable, refraction makes it difficult to determine the major axis of the dipole-like sound field. The preferred frequencies in shallow cavities are different from those for the edge tone.

Police whistle.
The title above is used since it is commonly used to describe whistles similar to those used by police in America and elsewhere. There are a number of whistles that operate in the same manner as the police whistle and there are number of whistles that are used by police elsewhere that do not operate in the same manner as the police whistle. The London Metropolitan police use a linear whistle, more like a small recorder. Police whistles are commonly used by referees and umpires in sporting events.

The cross section of a common whistle is shown in the figure on the right. The cavity is a closed end cylinder ( inch diameter), but with the cylinder axis lateral to the jet axis. The orifice is inch wide and the sharp edge is inch from the jet orifice. When blown weakly, the sound is mostly broad band with a weak tone. When blown more forcefully, a strong tone is established near 2800 Hz and adjacent bands are at least 20 dB down. If the whistle is blown yet more forcefully, the level of the tone increases and the frequency increases only slightly suggesting Class I hydrodynamic feedback and operation only in Stage I.

There does not appear to be any detailed research on police whistle operation. Considering the edge tone, noted above, one might expect several jumps in frequency, but none occur. This suggests that if multiple vortices exist in the unstable jet, they do not control.

The diagram on the right suggests a plausible explanation of whistle operation. Within the cavity is an off-center vortex. In the upper drawing, the vortex center is near the jet; the nearby cavity flow is slower and the pressure is less than atmospheric so the jet is directed into the cavity. When the jet moves toward the cavity an additional thrust is given to the interior vertical flow which then rotates around and back to the edge. At that point, the cavity flow and the local pressure are sufficient to force the jet to move away from the cavity.

An interior vortex of this type would explain why no frequency jumps occur. Since the excess fluid in the cavity must be discharged, the jet lateral movement must be considerably larger than that found in the edge tone; this is likely the reason for the high level sound. The flow over the edge results in an applied force and a dipole-like sound field. The characteristic speed must be "U" the jet exit speed. The characteristic dimension must be "D", the cavity diameter.

The frequency of the sound is closely related to the rotation rate of the cavity vortex. With a frequency near 2800 Hz the interior rotation rate must be very high. It is likely that the Rossby number "" would be a valuable dynamic similarity number. The Boatswain's pipe is similar to the police whistle except the cavity is spherical creating a more complex vortex.

Pea whistle/referee's whistle.
A pea whistle is constructionally identical to a 'police whistle' but the chamber contains a small ball, known as the pea but usually a material such as plastic or hard rubber. When blown the pea moves chaotically in the chamber, interrupting and modulating the airflow to create a typical warbling/shrieking effect. Such whistles are traditionally used by <a href="association%20football">association football</a> referees and those of other games.

Samba whistles.
Similar to pea whistles, samba whistles have a small ball or dowel to create the same sort of sound, but often also have two extensions either side of the chamber. None, one or both of these can be blocked to create a 'tri-tone' effect. The <a href="Apito">apito de samba</a> is a traditional Portuguese example of a samba whistle.

Levavasseur whistle.
This whistle is essentially the police whistle turned into a torus, magnifying its sound making potential. A cross-section through the middle of the whistle is shown in the figure on the right.

An annular duct carries the fluid that creates the annular jet. The jet impinges on a sharp ended ring with two toroidal cavities on either side. In Levavasseur's patent, a structure is added downstream of the annular opening to act as a coupling horn to direct the sound. The sound generated is very intense. It appears that no scientific study has been done to elucidate the detailed feedback mechanisms of its operation, although it is clear that this whistle has Class I feedback mechanism, similar to the police whistle.

The characteristic speed "U" is that of the annular jet. The characteristic dimension "D" is the cavity diameter and it appears that both cavities have similar dimensions. Again, the Rossby number "V" is likely to be a relevant dynamic number, since the operation of the inner cavity must be similar to that in the police whistle. It is likely that the vortex in the outer cavity is in antiphase with the inner cavity to amplify jet displacement and thus the sound output.

Screech tone.
Strong tones can occur in both rectangular and circular jets when the pressure ratio is greater than the critical and the flow becomes supersonic on exit, resulting in a sequence of repetitive shock cells. These cells can be seen in the exhaust of rockets or jets operating with an afterburner. As with subsonic jets, these flows can be unstable.

In a rectangular jet, the instability can show as asymmetric cell distortions. The asymmetry sends waves back to the nozzle which sets up a Class III feedback loop and a strong periodic dipole sound field; it is called "screech tone". Powell first described the phenomenon and because of application to military aircraft and potential structural fatigue, much subsequent work has been done. The sound field is sufficiently intense for it to appear on a shadowgraph as shown in the figure on the right (from M.G. Davies) for a rectangular supersonic jet. The dipole nature of the source is clear by the phase reversal on either side of the jet. There is lateral motion of the shock cells that gives the dipole its axis.

Supersonic flows can be quite complex and some tentative explanations are available. As with hole and ring tones, these jets can be sensitive to local sound reflecting surfaces.

The characteristic speed, "U", is that in the exit plane, and the characteristic dimension "L" is the nozzle width, to which the cell dimensions are proportional. Circular supersonic jets also generate screech tones. In this case, however, there can be three "modes" of motion: symmetric (toroidal), asymmetric (sinuous), and helical. These whistles are unlike the others listed above; the sound is generated without interaction with a solid; it is truly an aerodynamic whistle.

Fluidic oscillators.
These devices are whistles that do not radiate sound, but are still aerodynamic whistles.
The upper figure on the right shows the basic arrangement of one version of the device. The circle on the left is the fluid source (air or liquid). A jet is formed that either goes into the upper or lower channel.

The black lines are the feedback paths. If the fluid is in the lower channel, some fluid is fed back to the jet origin via the black tube and pushes the jet to the upper channel.

There has been considerable development of these devices from circuit switches that are immune to electromagnetic pulses to more modern uses.

One uniqueness of this whistle compared to the others described is that the length of the feedback path can be chosen arbitrarily. Although the channels are divided by a wedge shape, edge tone operation is avoided by the <a href="Coand%C4%83%20effect">Coandă effect</a>. The second figure on the right shows results from one study indicating a constant Strouhal number with Reynolds number. The data had been normalized to a reference value.

In another study one set of their frequency data was recalculated in terms of Strouhal number and it was found to rise slowly and then be constant over a range of flow rates. Kim found a similar result; the Strouhal number increased with Reynolds number and then stayed constant as shown in the lower figure on the right. Another uniqueness of this whistle is that the feedback is sufficiently strong that the jet is bodily diverted instead of depending on flow instability vortex development to control it. The geometry of the device suggests that it is essentially a dipole source that operates in Stage I with Class I (hydrodynamic) feedback.

Monopole-dipole whistles.
There are a number of whistles that possess the characteristics of both monopole and dipole sound sources. In several of the whistles described below, the driving source is dipole (generally an edge tone) and the responding source is a monopole (generally a tube or cavity in proximity to the dipole).

The fundamental difference of these whistles from those described above is that there are now two sets of characteristic variables. For the driving source, the characteristic speed is "U", and the characteristic dimension is "L". For the responding source, the characteristic speed is "c" and the characteristic dimension is "L", typically the corrected cavity depth or tube length. The non dimensional descriptors for each of these are the "fluid mechanical" Strouhal number and the "acoustical" Strouhal number. The tie between these two numbers is the commonality of the frequency.

Jug whistle.
Blowing over the edge of a jug or bottle can create a nearly pure tone of low frequency. The driving force is the flow over the jug edge so one might expect an edge tone dipole sound field. In this case, The curvature and roundness of the edge makes a strong edge tone unlikely. Any periodicity at the edge is likely submerged in the Class III feedback from the jug volume. The unsteady edge flow sets up a classical Helmholtz resonator response in which the interior geometry and the jug neck determines the resultant frequency. A resonance equation is shown below.

It is a transcendental equation where "A" is the cross sectional area of a cylindrical cavity of depth "L". "A" is the area of the circular orifice of depth "L", "δ" is the exterior end correction, "δ" is the interior end correction, and "kL" is the Helmholtz number (acoustical Strouhal number with 2 added). A cylindrical cavity nine inches deep and 4.25 inches in diameter was connected to a circular orifice 1.375 inches in diameter and 1.375 inches deep. The measured frequency was close to 140 Hz. If the cavity acted as a one-quarter wavelength resonator, the frequency would have been 377 Hz; clearly not a longitudinal resonance.

The equation above indicated 146 Hz and the Nielsen equation indicated 138 Hz. Clearly, the whistle was being driven by a cavity resonance. This is an example of a whistle being driven in edge tone fashion but the result is a monopole sound field.

Deep cavity tone.
Flow over a cavity that is considered "deep" can create a whistle similar to that over shallow cavities. "Deep" is generally distinguished from "shallow" by the cavity depth being greater than the width. There are two geometries that have been studied. The first geometry is flow exterior to the cavity such as on an aircraft.

There are two characteristic dimensions (cavity width "L" associated with vortex development and cavity depth "D" associated with acoustical response). There are two characteristic speeds (flow speed "U" associated with vortex development and sound speed "c" associated with cavity response). It was found that the feedback was Class III and the Strouhal numbers ranging from 0.3 to 0.4 were associated with a single vortex pattern (Stage I) across the gap while Strouhal numbers ranging from 0.6 to 0.9 were associated with two vortices across the gap (Stage II).

The second geometry is flow in a duct with a side branch. Selamet and his colleagues have made extensive studies of whistle phenomena in ducts with side branches that are closed at one end. For these studies, The cavity depth was "L" and "D" was the side branch diameter. The "fluid mechanical" Strouhal and "acoustical" Strouhal numbers were

An arbitrary constant "β" was used to represent the impedance at the junction of the side branch with the duct. "n" was an integer representing the stage number. They noted that the Strouhal number remained constant with increase of speed.

Pipe organ.
The pipe organ is another example of a potentially dipole sound source being driven as a monopole source. An air jet is directed at a sharp edge setting up flow oscillations as in the edge tone. The edge is part of a generally cylindrical tube of length "L". An example is shown in the figure on the right. The unstable jet drives fluid alternately into the tube and out. The streamlines clearly are distorted from those of the free edge tone. There is a stagnation point opposite the source. The dashed lines, colored in red, are those most strongly modified. The red streamlines in the tube are now augmented by the oscillatory flow in the tube, a superposition of resistive and reactive dipole flow and resistive acoustic flow.

The tube length determines whether the tube acoustic pressure or velocity is the dominant influence on the frequency of the tube. Simple models of organ pipe resonance is based on open-open pipe resonance ("λ" = ) but corrections must be made to take into account that one end of the pipe radiates into the surrounding medium and the other radiates through a slit with a jet flow. Boelkes and Hoffmann have made measurements of end correction for open-open tubes and derived the relation "δ" = 0.33"D". This cannot be exact since the driving end is not open.

The radiation ± impedance at the driving end should move the tube toward a condition, further lowering the frequency. Since there are two coupled systems, so there are two characteristics scales. For the pipe component, the characteristic dimension is "L" and the characteristic speed is "c". For the edge tone component, the characteristic dimension is the orifice to edge distance "h" and the characteristic speed is that of the jet "U". It would seem that the maximum oscillatory gain of the system would occur when the preferred pipe frequency matches the preferred edge tone frequency with suitable phase. This relationship expressed in terms of Strouhal numbers is:

If dynamic similarity holds for both resonances, the latter equation suggests how organ pipes are scaled. The apparent simplicity of the equation hides important variable factors such as the effective pipe length "L" = L + "δ" + "δ" where "δ" is correction for the open end and "δ" is the correction for the end near the jet. The jet disturbance (vortex) speed from orifice to edge will vary with mean speed "U", edge distance "h", and slit width "d" as suggested in the Edge Tone section.

The Strouhal relationship suggests that the jet Mach number and the ratio of effective pipe length to the edge distance are important in a first approximation. Normal pipe operation would be a monopole sound source in Stage I with Class III feedback.

Flutes, recorders and piccolos.
A number of musical instruments, other than the pipe organ, are based on the edge tone phenomenon, the most common of which are the flute, the piccolo (a small version of the flute), and the recorder. The flute can be blown lateral to the instrument or at the end as the other ones are. A native end blown flute is shown in the figure.

They are all subject to frequency jumps when overblown, suggesting the dipole-monopole relationship. The monopole aspects are relatively fixed. The characteristic dimension of the tube, "L", is fixed; the characteristic speed, "c", is fixed. The effective length of the tube is fixed since the radiation impedances at each end are fixed. Unlike the pipe organ, however, these instruments have side ports to change the resonance frequency and thus the acoustical Strouhal number.

The dipole aspects are also relatively fixed. The jet orifice dimension and the distance to the edge, "h" is fixed. Although the jet speed "U" can vary, the fluid mechanical Strouhal number is relatively constant and normally operates in Stage I. When there is phase coherent gain of the two aspects, they operate as Class III monopole sources. The efficiency of the monopole radiation is considerably greater than that of the dipole so the dipole pattern is noticed, The details of system gain and interaction between these two dynamic systems is yet to be fully uncovered. It is a testimony to the skills of early instrument makers that they were able to achieve the right port sizes and positions for a given note without scientific measurement instruments.


</doc>
<doc id="54784999" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54784999" title="1977 Toray Sillook Open">
1977 Toray Sillook Open

The 1977 Toray Sillook Open was a women's <a href="tennis">tennis</a> tournament played on indoor <a href="carpet%20court">carpet court</a>s in Tokyo, Japan that was a non-tour event, independent of the <a href="1977%20WTA%20Tour">1977 WTA Tour</a>. It was the second edition of the tournament and was held from 14 September through 18 September, 1977. The first round and the quarterfinals were held in Osaka while the semifinals and final were held at the <a href="Yoyogi%20National%20Gymnasium">Yoyogi National Gymnasium</a> in Tokyo. The singles event was the only competition held and was won by second-seeded <a href="Virginia%20Wade">Virginia Wade</a> who earned $20,000 first-prize money. 

Final.
Singles.
 <a href="Virginia%20Wade">Virginia Wade</a> defeated <a href="Martina%20Navratilova">Martina Navratilova</a> 7–5, 5–7, 6–4



</doc>
<doc id="54785039" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54785039" title="Wendy Richard filmography">
Wendy Richard filmography

The Wendy Richard filmography lists the film and TV appearances of English actress <a href="Wendy%20Richard">Wendy Richard</a>.


</doc>
<doc id="54785134" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54785134" title="Gossberg (Hunsrück)">
Gossberg (Hunsrück)

The Gossberg () is a <a href="hill">hill</a> with the highest point of 483m in the <a href="Municipalities%20of%20Germany">municipality</a> of <a href="W%C3%BCschheim">Wüschheim</a> close to the border with <a href="Hundheim">Hundheim</a> in the <a href="district">district</a> of <a href="Rhein-Hunsr%C3%BCck-Kreis">Rhein-Hunsrück-Kreis</a> in the low <a href="mountain%20range">mountain range</a> of <a href="Hunsr%C3%BCck">Hunsrück</a> in the <a href="States%20of%20Germany">state</a> of <a href="Rhineland-Palatinate">Rhineland-Palatinate</a>, <a href="Germany">Germany</a>. The summit was excavated 30m deep in the period of 19841989 and transformed into the NBC (<a href="Nuclear%20weapon">Nuclear</a>, <a href="Biological%20weapon">Biological</a>, <a href="Chemical%20weapon">Chemical</a>) <a href="bunker">bunker</a> operated by <a href="U.S.%20Forces">U.S. Forces</a> to serve as a fortified center of highly-secure communication among all <a href="NATO">NATO</a> troops in <a href="Europe">Europe</a> and a potential <a href="missile%20launch%20control%20center">missile launch control center</a> for the nearby <a href="missile">missile</a> base <a href="Pydna%20%28missile%20base%29">Pydna</a> in case of anticipated (at that time) <a href="World%20War%20III">World War III</a>.

Geography.
The Gossberg <a href="Gemarkung">Gemarkung</a> shares border with <a href="Simmern">Simmern</a> and <a href="Kastellaun">Kastellaun</a>.

History.
Excavations made in the 1930s in the vicinity of Gossberg revealed findings of a <a href="Roman%20Empire">Roman past</a>, in particular, a <a href="Villa%20Rustica">Villa Rustica</a> in this case.

In general, from 1978 to 1992, the <a href="NATO">NATO</a>'s <a href="reconnaissance">reconnaissance</a> <a href="Military%20organization%23Commands%2C%20formations%20and%20units">unit</a> <a href="Metro%20Tango">Metro Tango</a> (MT) unit, led by <a href="U.S.%20Forces">U.S. Forces</a>, provided <a href="Missile%20guidance">guidance</a> and coordination of tactical <a href="missile">missile</a>s and <a href="air%20force">air force</a>s respectively. Name of the unit derives from the first letters of the "Missile Training" <a href="collocation">collocation</a>, that indeed accurately describes the primary <a href="Military%20operation">mission</a> of unit's location in the <a href="Municipalities%20of%20Germany">municipality</a> of <a href="W%C3%BCschheim">Wüschheim</a>.

Gossberg, historically being militarily and strategically important area (since 1956, was a location of a <a href="radar">radar system</a> of the U.S. Forces), during 19841989 was excavated 30m deep in order to accommodate the subsequently constructed NBC (<a href="Nuclear%20weapon">Nuclear</a>, <a href="Biological%20weapon">Biological</a>, <a href="Chemical%20weapon">Chemical</a>) <a href="bunker">bunker</a> to be operated by the MT unit, which was already stationed about 4km west of Gossberg in the direction of <a href="Kappel%2C%20Rhineland-Palatinate">Kappel</a> on the federal highway <a href="List%20of%20federal%20highways%20in%20Germany%23B%20301%20%E2%80%93%20B%20400">B327</a>. Responsibilities of the MT unit at Gossberg included the <a href="signals%20intelligence">signals intelligence</a> (SIGINT), the <a href="communications%20security">communications security</a> (COMSEC), the <a href="radar">radar</a>, the determination of targets, the air defense, and most prominently the control of ready-to-fire <a href="missile%20launch%20facility">launch facilities</a> for <a href="cruise%20missile">cruise missile</a>s carrying nuclear <a href="warhead">warhead</a>s (and their corresponding guidance) located at the nearby (approximately 3km northeast of the bunker) missile base <a href="Pydna%20%28missile%20base%29">Pydna</a> (known under the <a href="code%20name">code name</a> of the ) between <a href="Bell%2C%20Rhein-Hunsr%C3%BCck">Bell</a> and <a href="Hasselbach%2C%20Rhein-Hunsr%C3%BCck">Hasselbach</a>.

<a href="Hahn%20Air%20Base">Hahn Air Base</a>, today known as <a href="Frankfurt%E2%80%93Hahn%20Airport">Frankfurt–Hahn Airport</a>, participated in preparations for deployment of <a href="BGM-109G%20Ground%20Launched%20Cruise%20Missile">BGM-109G Ground Launched Cruise Missile</a> (GCLM) units from 1982 to 1985, as well as their maintenance by the reactivated (on 1 April 1985) <a href="38th%20Tactical%20Missile%20Wing">38th Tactical Missile Wing</a> (TMW) at Pydna from 1985 to 1990.

At the beginning of 1990s, the facility was given up on the basis of the overall relaxation of geopolitical tensions between the <a href="Eastern%20Bloc">Eastern Bloc</a> and the <a href="Western%20Bloc">Western Bloc</a> (see <a href="Cold%20War">Cold War</a>), globally recognized decrease in the probability of the <a href="nuclear%20warfare">nuclear warfare</a> threat, and the associated <a href="disarmament">disarmament</a>. As a result, the bunker was never put into operation.

The Bunker.
Construction Cost.
The total construction costs approximately amount to up to the end of construction in 1992.

Construction Data.
The bunker has two nested shield hulls, the inner and the outer, each produced out of <a href="reinforced%20concrete">reinforced concrete</a>. The thickness of the inner shield hull is 0.80m, while of the outer one is double of the former. Both shield hulls are separated by hollow space with a width of 2.00m, which serves three major purposes:

The thickness of the <a href="wall%20plate">bottom plate</a> is 1.00m, while of the cover plate of the inner shield hull is between 1.00m and 1.20m. The cover plate of the outer shield hull consists of a so-called <a href="Zerschellschicht">Zerschellschicht</a> (a layer of <a href="Properties%20of%20concrete">lean concrete</a> on top of the reinforced concrete construction to mitigate damage inflicted by <a href="explosion">explosion</a>s) with a thickness of 1.05m and an overlying layer of fluid <a href="concrete">concrete</a> with <a href="quartz">quartz</a>ite blocks with a tickness of 1.10m. Finally, there is a <a href="soil">soil</a> layer of 0.40m on top as a <a href="green%20roof">green roof</a>.

The entire building extends for about 13.30m deep under the ground and for about 10.35m above the ground, while the horizontal <a href="dimension">dimension</a>s (length × width) of it are 50.30m × 45.80m respectively. Hence, the <a href="floor%20area%20%28building%29">gross area</a> is 13,783m (including the <a href="%23Outer%20Plot">outer plot</a> area), the gross volume is roughly 28,000m, and the summit of Gossberg is 8.00m higher than before the construction.

Internal Structure.
Internally, the bunker is a three-<a href="storey">story</a> building, where the two upper stories are connected with two <a href="stairways">stairways</a> and a heavy <a href="elevator">elevator</a> (up to 10,000kg), while the two lower stories are connected only with a <a href="steel">steel</a> <a href="ladder">ladder</a>. <a href="Physical%20security">Physical security</a> and separation between <a href="room">room</a>s are achieved by a <a href="sluice">sluice</a> system with an option to manage it via the central access <a href="control%20panel%20%28engineering%29">control panel</a>.

Story 2: Office and Main Working Area.
The purpose of story 2 () is to accommodate administration, security surveillance, computer equipment, and electrical engineering. By default, it contains nine rooms, but could be expeditiously reconfigured (by operating staff on their own, potentially during ongoing <a href="war">war</a>) thanks to (re)movable <a href="wall">wall</a>s, <a href="suspended%20ceiling">suspended ceiling</a>, and <a href="raised%20floor">raised floor</a> (on stilts). In addition, there are two <a href="toilet">toilet rooms</a> and a <a href="electrical%20room">power supply room</a>. To summarize, the <a href="floor%20area%20%28building%29">net internal (usable) area</a> is 1,185m and maximum <a href="specified%20load">floor load</a> is 2,000kg/m. Other features include:

Story 1: Laboratory, Technical and Storage Rooms.
The purpose of story 1 () is to technologically sustain the building and provide storage space (e.g. for <a href="food">food</a>, equipment, <a href="weapon">weapon</a>s, etc.), where part of that space could be utilized as <a href="laboratory">laboratory</a>. Walls are not (re)movable, types of both ceiling and floor vary between rooms. In addition, there are two toilet rooms, a sanitary room, and a <a href="human%20decontamination">decontamination shower</a> room. To summarize, the net internal (usable) area is 1,664m and maximum floor load is 5,000kg/m. Other features include:

Story 0: Technical Rooms and Storage Tanks.
The purpose of story 0 (underground floor) is to technologically sustain the building and provide <a href="storage%20tank">storage tank</a>s (e.g. for <a href="water">water</a> and <a href="oil">oil</a>). The corresponding net internal (usable) area is only 450m. Storage tanks include:

Outer Plot.
The outer <a href="land%20lot">plot</a> is surrounded by a fence of about 2.00m high and its gross area is roughly 500m. It contains <a href="road">road</a> and <a href="parking">parking</a> <a href="Pavement%20%28architecture%29">paved</a> with interlocking brick stones, a small <a href="transformer">transformer</a> building, and a hill of about 10.35m high with an <a href="entrance">entrance</a> to the bunker, which is fortified by a massive armored sliding door weighting around 28,000kg.




</doc>
<doc id="54785136" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54785136" title="Sir John Hope, 11th Baronet">
Sir John Hope, 11th Baronet

Sir John Hope, 11th Baronet <a href="Hope%20Baronets%23Hope%20baronets%2C%20of%20Craighall%20%281628%29">Hope of Craighall</a> (13 April 1781 – 5 June 1853) was a <a href="Scottish%20people">Scottish</a> <a href="aristocrat">aristocrat</a> and <a href="politician">politician</a>.

Life.
Sir John was born at <a href="Pinkie%20House">Pinkie House</a> on 13 April 1871, the oldest son of <a href="Sir%20Archibald%20Hope%2C%209th%20Baronet">Sir Archibald Hope, 9th Baronet</a> and his second wife, Elizabeth Patoun (d. 1818), the daughter of John Patoun of Inveresk. He succeeded to the baronetcy on the death of his unmarried, half-brother, Sir Thomas Hope, 10th Baronet. The Hope Baronetcy of <a href="Craighall">Craighall</a> in the County of <a href="Fife">Fife</a>, was created in the <a href="List%20of%20extant%20baronetcies%23Baronetage%20of%20Nova%20Scotia%20%281625%E2%80%931706%29">Baronetage of Nova Scotia</a> on 19 February 1628 for <a href="Sir%20Thomas%20Hope%2C%201st%20Baronet">Thomas Hope</a>, a Scottish lawyer and advisor to <a href="Charles%20I%20of%20England">Charles I</a>.

Sir John was first elected as a <a href="Conservative%20Party%20%28UK%29">Conservative</a> <a href="Member%20of%20Parliament">Member of Parliament</a> for <a href="Midlothian">Midlothian</a> in June 1845 upon the retirement of <a href="William%20Ramsay%20Ramsay">William Ramsay Ramsay, Esq.</a>. He was re-elected without opposition in 1847 and 1852. He was also a Vice-Lieutenant for the county.

Additionally, Sir John was a Lieutenant-Colonel Commandant in the Royal Midlothian Yeomanry Calvary and a Deputy-Governor of the <a href="Royal%20Bank%20of%20Scotland">Royal Bank of Scotland</a>.

Family.
Sir John married Anne, 4th daughter of <a href="John%20Wedderburn%20of%20Ballendean">Sir John Wedderburn, 6th Baronet</a> of Blackness and Ballindean, on 17 June 1805 and had the following children:

Sir John died on at his son Hugh's <a href="Hyde%20Park%2C%20London">Hyde Park</a> residence. Sir John and his wife are buried in the Hope Baronets plot at <a href="Inveresk%23St.%20Michael%27s%20Church">St. Michael's Parish Church</a>, <a href="Inveresk">Inveresk</a>, Scotland. An adjacent plot holds the graves of many of Sir John's family.



</doc>
<doc id="54785237" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54785237" title="Choi Yuen Lung">
Choi Yuen Lung

Choi Yuen Ling (born 3 February 1977) is a Hong Kong Paralympic archer.

She has competed at the <a href="Summer%20Paralympics">Summer Paralympics</a> and other championships.


</doc>
<doc id="54785430" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54785430" title="List of Canadian films of 1977">
List of Canadian films of 1977

This is a list of <a href="Cinema%20of%20Canada">Canadian film</a>s which were released in 1977:



</doc>
<doc id="54785432" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54785432" title="Graduation Day 1966">
Graduation Day 1966

Graduation Day 1966 is a <a href="live%20album">live album</a> by <a href="The%20Beach%20Boys">The Beach Boys</a>, released on December 9, 2016 exclusively through the <a href="iTunes%20Store">iTunes Store</a>. It was originally recorded in 1966.

Background.
For the past few years, thanks to copyright laws, The Beach Boys have released a few digital-only releases featuring rarities, unreleased material, and other recordings that have not otherwise been officially released, all of which are fifty years old in that particular year. 
This show is part of the band's promotion tour of the album <a href="Pet%20Sounds%20%28album%29">Pet Sounds</a> in 1966, during that time Brian Wilson was working in the then upcoming/unreleased album <a href="Smile%20%28The%20Beach%20Boys%20album%29">Smile</a>



</doc>
<doc id="54785434" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54785434" title="Ketaki Dutta">
Ketaki Dutta

Ketaki Dutta was an actor of Bengali theatre and films. She was also a singer.

<a href="Chapal%20Bhaduri">Chapal Bhaduri</a> is one of her siblings.

Early life.
Ketaki was the youngest child of <a href="Prabhadevi%20%28actress%29">Prabhadevi</a>, a well-known actress of the Bengali stage and the screen.

Career.
Dutta was in the theatre profession from childhood.


</doc>
<doc id="54785496" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54785496" title="Hintlesham Woods">
Hintlesham Woods

Hintlesham Woods is an 118.1 hectare biological <a href="Site%20of%20Special%20Scientific%20Interest">Site of Special Scientific Interest</a> east of <a href="Hadleigh%2C%20Suffolk">Hadleigh</a> in <a href="Suffolk">Suffolk</a>. Part of it is <a href="Wolves%20Wood">Wolves Wood</a>, which is managed by the <a href="Royal%20Society%20for%20the%20Protection%20of%20Birds">Royal Society for the Protection of Birds</a>.

These ancient <a href="coppice%20with%20standards">coppice with standards</a> woods are mainly <a href="oak">oak</a> with some <a href="Fraxinus">ash</a> and <a href="birch">birch</a>. The soils are <a href="boulder%20clay">boulder clay</a>, which is covered in some areas with glacial sands. Ground flora includes <a href="green%20hellebore">green hellebore</a>, <a href="bird%27s-nest%20orchid">birds-nest orchid</a> and <a href="wood%20spurge">wood spurge</a>.

There are several kinds of woods in two blocks. There is access to footpaths in Wolves Wood and Ramsey Wood, but other areas are private property with no public access.


</doc>
<doc id="54785522" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54785522" title="Rose Marie Toussaint">
Rose Marie Toussaint

Rose Marie Toussaint MD Is the founder of the <a href="National%20Transplant%20Foundation">National Transplant Foundation</a> Inc. and <a href="surgeon">surgeon</a>. She is a specialist in <a href="organ%20transplant">organ transplant</a>s. Toussaint was born in <a href="Haiti">Haiti</a> and moved to Miami when she was a teenager. Her goal of becoming a physician at this young age was evident by her serious study of math and science coursework. She was awarded her Bachelor of Science degree in Biology from Loyola University in 1978. In 1983 she received her Doctorate in Medicine from Howard University.

Toussaint was chief surgeon at <a href="Howard%20University">Howard University</a> for the liver transplant center. Prior to this, she trained under Thomas Starzl at the University of Pittsburgh Medical School for three years. In 1997, she left Howard University Hospital. She wrote an autobiography, "Never Question the Miracle: A Surgeon’s Story", in which she describes the prediction of a Vodun priest who predicted she would be a doctor when she grew up. As founder of the National Transplant Foundation Inc. she works with those that need assistance to defray the cost of organ transplants.



</doc>
<doc id="54785541" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54785541" title="2017 Pan American U20 Athletics Championships">
2017 Pan American U20 Athletics Championships

The 2017 <a href="Pan%20American%20U20%20Athletics%20Championships">Pan American U20 Athletics Championships</a> was the nineteenth edition of the biennial <a href="track%20and%20field">track and field</a> competition for <a href="junior%20athletics">under-20 athletes</a> from <a href="the%20Americas">the Americas</a>, organised by the <a href="Association%20of%20Panamerican%20Athletics">Association of Panamerican Athletics</a>. It was held in <a href="Trujillo%2C%20Peru">Trujillo, Peru</a>, at the <a href="Mansiche%20Sports%20Complex">Mansiche Sports Complex</a> from 21 to 23 July. The <a href="United%20States">United States</a> topped the medal table with 54 medals total including 22 gold.



</doc>
<doc id="54785667" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54785667" title="Listed buildings in Nyborg Municipality">
Listed buildings in Nyborg Municipality

This is a list of listed buildings in <a href="Nyborg%20Municipality">Nyborg Municipality</a>, <a href="Denmark">Denmark</a>.



</doc>
<doc id="54785728" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54785728" title="Oras Sattar">
Oras Sattar

Oras Sattar (; born January 29, 1986 in <a href="Baghdad">Baghdad</a>, <a href="Iraq">Iraq</a>), is an <a href="Iraqi%20people">Iraqi</a> <a href="singer">singer</a>, composer and <a href="songwriter">songwriter</a> .





</doc>
<doc id="54785757" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54785757" title="Bhaban">
Bhaban

Bhaban , Bhavan or Bhawan (<a href="Bengali%20Language">Bengali</a>: ভবন/ <a href="Devanagari">Devanagari</a>: भवन) is the <a href="South%20Asian">South Asian</a> term for a building similar to a <a href="ch%C3%A2teau">château</a>, <a href="palace">palace</a>, or <a href="manor%20house">manor house</a>.








</doc>
<doc id="54785789" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54785789" title="Mandip Gill">
Mandip Gill

Mandip Gill is an English actress. Her first television role came in 2012 when she was cast as <a href="Phoebe%20Jackson">Phoebe Jackson</a> in the soap opera "<a href="Hollyoaks">Hollyoaks</a>". After departing the serial in 2015, Gill went on have guest roles in "<a href="Cuckoo%20%28TV%20series%29">Cuckoo</a>", "<a href="Doctors%20%282000%20TV%20series%29">Doctors</a>", "<a href="The%20Good%20Karma%20Hospital">The Good Karma Hospital</a>" and "<a href="Casualty%20%28TV%20series%29">Casualty</a>".

Early life.
Gill graduated from the <a href="University%20of%20Central%20Lancashire">University of Central Lancashire</a> in 2009 with a <a href="Bachelor%20of%20Arts">BA (Hons)</a> in Acting.

Career.
Gill appeared in several theatre productions, before she secured her first television role as <a href="Phoebe%20Jackson">Phoebe Jackson</a> (later McQueen) in the <a href="Channel%204">Channel 4</a> soap opera "<a href="Hollyoaks">Hollyoaks</a>". Gill had attended a number of auditions for the soap in the past, and she was unsure if the character of Phoebe was right for her, but after a number of callbacks, Gill was given the role. Phoebe was introduced as a homeless teenager and a friend for established character <a href="George%20Smith%20%28Hollyoaks%29">George Smith</a> (Steven Roberts). Gill chose to leave the show in 2015 and Phoebe was killed off as part of the long-running "Gloved Hand Killer" storyline. The following year, Gill had a guest role in the BBC sitcom series "<a href="Cuckoo%20%28TV%20series%29">Cuckoo</a>", before appearing in "<a href="Doctors%20%282000%20TV%20series%29">Doctors</a>" for a five episode arc. Gill played Shazia Amin, a pregnant homeless woman. In 2017, Gill appeared in "<a href="The%20Good%20Karma%20Hospital">The Good Karma Hospital</a>", and an episode of "<a href="Casualty%20%28TV%20series%29">Casualty</a>". She also stars in <a href="Kay%20Mellor">Kay Mellor</a>'s BBC drama "Love, Lies and Records" as Talia, a junior registrar.


</doc>
<doc id="54785841" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54785841" title="List of Odd Squad episodes">
List of Odd Squad episodes

<a href="Odd%20Squad%20%28TV%20series%29">Odd Squad</a> is a Canadian live-action television series that premiered on <a href="TVOKids">TVOKids</a> in Canada and <a href="PBS%20Kids">PBS Kids</a> in the United States on November 26, 2014, both on the same day. In the UK, the series is broadcast by CBBC. In Latin America, it airs on <a href="Discovery%20Kids%20%28Latin%20America%29">Discovery Kids</a>

Season 2 (2016–2017).
"Odd Squad" was renewed for a second season, which premiered on June 20, 2016 with "Agents of Change", a one-hour special combining the first season's finale with the second season's premiere.

Television movie (2016).
A movie written for the series premiered summer 2016. It premiered on PBS Kids August 1, 2016, with a one-day theatrical showing in Canada and limited screenings before its television premiere in the United States.

Oddtube (2016–2017).
Agent Olympia (Anna Cathcart) hosted a weekly online video series called Oddtube in which she answered questions from fans, toured interesting areas of the Odd Squad headquarters, and met with special guests.


</doc>
<doc id="54785884" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54785884" title="Ilkka Taipale">
Ilkka Taipale

Väinö Ilkka Ilari Taipale (born 29 November 1942) is a Finnish politician, physician and activist. A <a href="Social%20Democratic%20Party%20of%20Finland">Social Democrat</a>, he was a Member of the <a href="Parliament%20of%20Finland">Parliament of Finland</a> for <a href="Helsinki%20%28electoral%20district%29">Helsinki</a> from 1971 to 1975 and 2000 to 2007.

A Doctor of Medicine and Surgery by education, Taipale has worked as a physician at several hospitals. He is also a <a href="Docent">Docent</a> of Social Medicine at <a href="University%20of%20Tampere">University of Tampere</a>.

Taipale has been active in many <a href="pacifism">pacifist</a> organisations and other governmental and non-governmental organisations.


</doc>
<doc id="54785911" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54785911" title="Hans Van den Broeck">
Hans Van den Broeck

Hans Van den Broeck is a Belgian dancer, choreographer and video artist who is best known for his productions for les ballets C de la B and SOIT.

Training.
Hans Van den Broeck studied psychology at the <a href="KU%20Leuven">KU Leuven</a> in the 80's. While studying in <a href="Leuven">Leuven</a>, he also participated in workshops with choreographers and theater makers (amongst others with <a href="Jan%20Fabre">Jan Fabre</a>) at the art centre STUC, that was often frequented by the big names of contemporary dance. Subsequently, he studied film at the <a href="City%20University%20of%20New%20York">City University of New York</a>.

Choreographic work for les ballets C de la B.
After returning to Belgium he auditioned for Alain Platel and danced in several of his productions. He became one of the choreographers of les ballets C de la B. That collective expanded into an artistic platform for various choreographers: Koen Augustijnen, <a href="Sidi%20Larbi%20Cherkaoui">Sidi Larbi Cherkaoui</a>, <a href="Christine%20De%20Smedt">Christine De Smedt</a>, Lisi Estaras, Alain Platel, Fred Toffer and Hans Van den Broeck. For les ballets C de la B he made a series of productions that toured international: "How to approach a dog" (Hans Van den Broeck / les ballets C de la B, 1992), "Everyman" (Hans Van den Broeck / les ballets C de la B, 1994), "(They Feed, We) Eat, Eat, Eat" (Hans Van den Broeck / les ballets C de la B, 1996), "Au Progrès" (Hans Van den Broeck / les ballets C de la B, 1998), "La Sortie" (Hans Van den Broeck / les ballets C de la B, 1999), "Induced Sleep" (Hans Van den Broeck / les ballets C de la B, 2000) and "Lac des Singes" (Hans Van den Broeck / les ballets C de la B, 2001). In these physical works of ‘dance-theatre’ that are strongly influenced by Jan Fabre's work, the stubbornness in communication and the boundary between reality and fiction are recurring themes. Productions as "La sortie" (Hans Van den Broeck / les ballets C de la B, 1999) and "Lac des Singes" (Hans Van den Broeck / les ballets C de la B, 2001) investigate animality and cruelty, psychological aspects that people develop mainly in groups.

The Norwegian choreographer, dancer and performance artist <a href="Mette%20Edvardsen">Mette Edvardsen</a> collaborated with Hans Van den Broeck before she started developing her own work. She was a performer in "(They feed we) Eat, eat, eat" (Hans Van den Broeck / les ballets C de la B, 1996), "Au Progrès" (Hans Van den Broeck / les ballets C de la B, 1997), "La sortie" (Hans Van den Broeck / les ballets C de la B, 1999) and assisted director / choreographer Hans Van den Broeck on "Lac des singes" (Hans Van den Broeck / les ballets C de la B, 2001).

Choreographic work for SOIT.
In 2002 he left les ballets C de la B. He founded his own performing arts company SOIT, that is based in Brussels. SOIT is an abbreviation for Stay Only If Temporary. The company works with various stage artists and dancers. Its composition varies for each production. Hans Van den Broeck's main productions for the company are "Almost Dark" (2004), "En Servicio" '(2006), "We were them" (2009) and "Messiah Run!" (2012). In addition, there are also a series of other productions, including "Deed of Arrangement" (2003), "Durchgang" (2005) and "Café Prückel" (2010). One of his latest productions is "The Lee Ellroy Show" (Hans Van den Broeck / SOIT, 2014), inspired by the novel "My Dark Places", in which the American author <a href="James%20Ellroy">James Ellroy</a> describes the emotional impact of the unsolved murder of his mother Jean. This production and other recent productions (e.g., "Celestial Commute" (Hans Van den Broeck / SOIT, 2015) and the open improv evenings "Roseland 2013", "Roseland 2014" and "Roseland 2017" (all Hans Van den Broeck / SOIT) are made in co-production or in collaboration with les Brigittines - Contemporary Arts Centre for Movement, Brussels. Hans van den Broeck himself describes his work as raw, visceral, uncompromising, committed, suggestive, poetic, visual and cinematographic. His interest lies in creating both multidisciplinary performing arts and video projects. He also regularly conducts workshops, which he himself calls 'workshows' because they usually result in a public performance in a professional environment. Cooperation and exploration are central. Together they form a trilogy, consisting of "Settlement", "Nomads", and "Homeland".

Work as an audiovisual artist.
Hans van den Broeck directed several semi-fiction videos, such as "Eyes on the back" (1998), "Ways of watching" (1998), "Odeur de Sainteté" (2003), "Alivetoo" (2008) and "Homeland" (2011). His video "Our Circumscribed Days" (2000), a rhythmic portrait of Moscow, won the Prix du Jury at the festival Entrainements #4 in Paris in 2003. The video was shown in Brussels in 2001 at the Kunstenfestivaldesarts, and in 2017 at Argos, centre for art and media (as part of the program "STEP UP! Belgian Dance and Performance on Camera 1970-2000 Chapter 3".

Performing arts productions.
For SOIT:

For les ballets C de la B:


Videos and installations.
For SOIT:

For les ballets C de la B: 




</doc>
<doc id="54785941" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54785941" title="East Syriac">
East Syriac

The term East Syriac or Eastern Syriac may refer to:




</doc>
<doc id="54785964" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54785964" title="Caryn Larrinaga">
Caryn Larrinaga

Caryn Larrinaga is an American author of mystery, horror, and urban fantasy fiction. Her 2017 debut novel was "Donn's Hill", which was followed later that same year by "Superhero Syndrome".



</doc>
<doc id="54786032" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54786032" title="Asha Rangappa">
Asha Rangappa

Asha Rangappa is the associate dean of <a href="Yale%20University%20Law%20School">Yale University Law School</a>. 

She served as a law clerk for the <a href="Juan%20R.%20Torruella">Juan R. Torruella</a>, U.S. Court of Appeals for the First Circuit in San Juan, Puerto Rico. From 2002 to 2005, she was a United States <a href="Federal%20Bureau%20of%20Investigation">Federal Bureau of Investigation</a> Special Agent, specializing in counterintelligence investigations in <a href="New%20York%20City">New York City</a>.



</doc>
<doc id="54786116" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54786116" title="PMP-Paper Machinery Producer">
PMP-Paper Machinery Producer

PMP – "Paper Machinery Producer" is a global provider of tissue, <a href="paper">paper</a> board technology. PMP is a medium size Polish-American <a href="Corporation">Corporation</a>, supporting the paper industry for over 160 years. The headquarters (PMPoland S.A.) is located in <a href="Jelenia%20G%C3%B3ra">Jelenia Góra</a>, <a href="Poland">Poland</a>.

History.
History of paper production in the neighbourhood of <a href="Jelenia%20G%C3%B3ra">Jelenia Góra</a> was started in the second half of the 16th century because of good water conditions. Mountain rivers could supply clean water for the technological processes and propel paper machines. Well Woody conditions in the neighbourhood became essential raw materials for the paper making. That was the main reason for the peper industry development in this area – huge amount of paper mills.

Heinrich Füllner decided to take advantage of the situations and established in 1854, a workshop for paper machines in Cieplice (now it is district of Jelenia Góra). After Heinrich Füllner death his son Eugen Füllner contributed to the development of the company. Even before World War II company changed several times the owner.

After World War II when Lower Silesia went to Polish borders, productions of paper machines was still continued. "Paper Machinery Factory Fampa" - state-owned company has started since 1945. Activity of Fampa can be divided into three main periods:

Thanks to licensee agreement all the equipment manufactured by Beloit could also be built by Fampa. It was a direct result of a great technical progress made by the Polish company.

In 1990, with the changing of the political system, was transformed Fampa into a private company by the government and to obtain funds for the development and modernization.

The investor has become Beloit and company named "Beloit Poland S.A." In the nineties of XX century the company had a reputation in the business as specialist of manufacturing tissue machines. "Beloit Poland S.A." produced also hydraulic headboxes and reels. 

In 2000 extremely difficult period for Beloit’s Corporation started and finally the company went into bankruptcy. Managers from Poland and investor from the United States took over Beloit Poland and created a company named PMPoland S.A. During the first Supervisory Board, a new management board was elected with Mr. Zbigniew Manugiewicz as the General Manager. Since year 2017 Mirosław Pietraszek has become a new president of  PMPoland S.A.

Now PMPoland employs more than 650 employees in Poland, China and United States.








Products of the company.
In the area of tissue:

In the area of <a href="paper">paper</a>:
PMP works also on precision treatment, production and assembly complex and large size machines (subcontracting). 


</doc>
<doc id="54786121" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54786121" title="Jovan Mijušković">
Jovan Mijušković

Jovan Mijušković (17 September 1886-27 November 1944) was a Serbian doctor and politician in the <a href="Nazi%20Germany">Nazi</a> controlled <a href="Government%20of%20National%20Salvation">Government of National Salvation</a>. He was appointed Minister of Social policy and People's Health He was executed by <a href="Yugoslav%20Partisans">communist Partisans</a> in 1944, 


</doc>
<doc id="54786152" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54786152" title="San Diego Climate Action Plan">
San Diego Climate Action Plan

The San Diego Climate Action Plan was adopted by the city of San Diego in December of 2015. This plan is similar to the <a href="Climate%20Action%20Plan">Climate Action Plan</a>. Through this plan, the city sets goals of eliminating half of all greenhouse emissions and all energy to be sourced from renewable sources by the year 2020 and 2035. With a coalition of business owners, environmental advocates, and community leaders, Mayor Kevin Faulconer approved the Climate Action Plan. The Climate Action Plan contains of several policies to ensure the economic and environmental growth of the city of San Diego. 

Through five specific sectors: efficient building usage of water and energy, renewable sources of energy, transportation and land allocation, waste elimination, and adaptation of climate stresses. Transportation being the largest sector of concern due to the large reliance and contribution to greenhouse emissions. To ensure progress of the plan, there are three phases of the Climate Action Plan: phase 1-2016-2017, phase 2- 2018-2020, and phase 3- 2021-2035. Several departments within the local government and community will be involved to achieve the desire goal of a better future. A <a href="https%3A//www.climateactioncampaign.org/">Climate Action Campaign</a> has begin in response to this plan with the help of organizations such as the Sierra Club. Yearly reports are to be made to track progression of this plan. 


</doc>
<doc id="54786163" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54786163" title="Shon McCarthy">
Shon McCarthy

Shon McCarthy is the Director/<a href="Curator">Curator</a> of three <a href="Jackson%20State%20University">Jackson State University</a> art galleries. The galleries are JSU's Johnson Hall gallery, College of Liberal Arts gallery, and JSU Downtown galleries. Exhibitions are student centered and assist to "Exposure+Experience=Lifelong Learning"(gallery mission) for student by including student work with the international and national artists' exhibitions. Exhibitions have ranged from painting created by musician <a href="George%20Clinton%20%28musician%29">George Clinton</a>. JSU was the first university to exhibit his paintings. In September 2016, McCarthy collaborated with the <a href="Philadelphia%20Museum%20of%20Art">Philadelphia Museum of Art</a> and procured a gifted 25 piece permanent collection of Patrick Kelly (thanks to a donation from Bill and Bjorn Amelan). Spring of 2017, she collaborated with London's Belgravia Art Gallery to bring art created and signed by <a href="Nelson%20Mandela">Nelson Mandela</a>. McCarthy created JSU's Gallery1 Summer Art Institute and where JSU Department of Art Alumni taught art to 150 K-9 students. For two summers, she supervised and instructed art to over 200 K-9 students this included mulit-medium art to sewing instruction. McCarthy later procured an additional 250 plus pieces from the Patrick Kelly collection in the summer of 2017, it is housed the H.T. Sampson Archives.

For ten years, McCarthy was a fashion designer in <a href="New%20York%20City">New York City</a>. She created an accessories line that became known as the "It Bag" for celebrities. She has been mentioned have in financial publications such as the "<a href="Wall%20St%20Journal">Wall St Journal</a>" and Nikkei in Japan, "Vogue" online, "Elle" (US, Italy, UK) and Japan, Harpers Bazaar Japan and "Lucky Magazine" write-ups. The accessories where carried on stores such as Bloomingdales, Henri Bendel, <a href="Harvey%20Nichols">Harvey Nichols</a>, Fred Segal, and LeBon Marche. She was a guest speaker for a Marketing class at Parsons Fashions School in New York.

McCarthy is a licensed art instructor. McCarthy instructed a class at Millsaps College's Enrichment Series titled, “ How To Start Your Own Fashion Line” in 2015 and 2016. She received her B.A. from <a href="Millsaps%20College">Millsaps College</a> and her Masters from Jackson State University.


</doc>
<doc id="54786184" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54786184" title="Track spacing">
Track spacing

The track spacing is the distance of the track centres of <a href="double-track%20railway">double-track railway</a> lines. There are standard distances derived from the standard <a href="loading%20gauge">loading gauge</a> in a country. For high-speed trains and in tighter curves that distance needs to be increased.

The track spacing is also called the "center-to-center" spacing to differentiate it from the "edge-to-center" spacing of a railway. These two values may be different depending on how signal masts are added to the overall <a href="track%20geometry">track geometry</a>.

Description.
The distance between the track centres makes a difference in cost and performance of a double-track line. The track centres can be as narrow and as cheap as possible, but maintenance must be done on the side. Signals for bi-directional working cannot be mounted between the tracks so must be mounted on the 'wrong' side of the line or on expensive <a href="Railroad%20signal%23Gantry%20mounting">signal bridges</a>. Track centres are usually wider on high-speed lines, as pressure waves knock each other as high-speed trains pass.

The minimum track spacing can be derived from the loading gauge. The European <a href="Berne%20Gauge">Berne Gauge</a> has a width of 3,150 mm. The minimal distance to structures on the side of the track is half of it but that is doubled again for double track lines. As the wagon can move within the rail gauge one adds 100 mm and with a possible displacement of tracks over time one adds some 250 mm as a security margin. This leads to a minim centre-to-center spacing of 3,500 mm. In fact, the first Prussian railways were built to that standard but it became soon apparent that it was too dangerous with some passengers having a hand or their head out of the window.

Narrow track centres might be or less. Narrow track centres may have to be widened on sharp curves to allow for long rail vehicles following the arc of the curve, and this increases a surveyor's workload. Widening a track centre to or so suits high-speed trains passing each other, and eliminates the need to widen the centres on sharp curves. Increasing width of track centres of or more makes it much easier to mount signals and overhead wiring structures.

In the United Kingdom, the early lines of the <a href="Great%20Western%20Railway">Great Western Railway</a> were built to <a href="Isambard%20Kingdom%20Brunel">Brunel</a>'s <a href="broad%20gauge">broad gauge</a>, which was also associated with a more generous <a href="loading%20gauge">loading gauge</a>. This is still apparent along those lines which remain in use today: structures such as bridges and tunnels are larger, and the distances between opposite platform faces are larger.

Very wide centres at major bridges can have military value. It also makes it harder for rogue ships and barges knocking out both bridges in the same accident.

Railway lines in desert areas affected by sand dunes are sometimes built on alternate routes so that if one is covered by sand, the other(s) are still serviceable.

If the standard track centre is changed, it can take a very long time for most or all tracks to be brought into line.

Regulations.
The general standard in Germany and Switzerland had been to build new tracks with a centre-to-centre spacing of 3.80 m and a spacing of 4.50m in railway stations. Depending on the usage of the tracks it was still possible to build new double track lines with track centres of just 3.50 m. With the trains going faster over time the track centres were increased to 4.00 m on main lines.

The advent of high-speed trains required a stronger regulation which was regulated in Germany's <a href="Eisenbahn-Bau-%20und%20Betriebsordnung">EBO</a>. The first update of 1982 increased the minimum track centre to 4.00 m allowing no more exceptions. But by 1991 it was replaced with a table taking into account the maximum speed of the trains on a track as well as the curvature. A distance of 4.00 m was considered enough for speeds up to 200 km/h. At 250 km/h the tracks have a centre-to-centre distance of 4.50 m (while the first tracks in the 1980ies were built with a distance of 4.70 m).

The <a href="TGV%20track%20construction">TGV track construction</a> puts both rail tracks into a common concrete block, so they can disregard a safety margin for track displacement. This allows high-speed rail to have a centre-to-centre distance of just 4.20 m. Additionally, these lines are only allowed for high-speed passenger rail where no out-of-gauge loads are expected and the windows in the trains can not be opened.

In Japan, the first high-speed tracks of the <a href="Central%20Japan%20Railway%20Company%23Shinkansen">Central Japan Railway Company Shinkansen</a> were built with a distance between track centres of 4.3 m.

The largest minimum track centre is planned for <a href="High-speed%20rail%20in%20India">Indias high-speed network</a> requiring a common distance of 5,30 m.



Measurement.
By definition the track spacing is given from center to center of a rail track. For an actual construction the distance is measured from the inside of a real head to the matching one of the other track. As far as both tracks have the same gauge this is the same distance.


</doc>
<doc id="54786274" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54786274" title="Miao Ke-li">
Miao Ke-li

Miao Ke-li (born January 13, 1971) is a Taiwanese actress, television host and singer.

Born in <a href="Taichung">Taichung</a>, Miao began her career as a singer in 1988 after participating in a singing competition at the age of fifteen. She turned to acting in the late nineties with small roles in television series such as "Ah Bian and Ah Jane". In 2002, Miao had her breakthrough role in <a href="Taiwanese-language">Taiwanese-language</a> series "Fiery Thunderbolt". From then she starred in television series such as "<a href="Taiwan%20Tornado">Taiwan Tornado</a>", "Golden Ferris Wheel" and "<a href="Unique%20Flavor">Unique Flavor</a>". In 2013 she won Best Actress at the <a href="Golden%20Bell%20Awards">Golden Bell Awards</a> for her work in "Flavor of Life".



</doc>
<doc id="54786405" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54786405" title="Lake Bellevue">
Lake Bellevue

Lake Bellevue, also called Lake Sturtevant, is a small <a href="lake">lake</a> inside the city limits of <a href="Bellevue%2C%20Washington">Bellevue, Washington</a>. Along with <a href="Phantom%20Lake">Phantom Lake</a> and Larsen Lake, it is one of three small lakes inside the city, which also borders <a href="Lake%20Washington">Lake Washington</a> and <a href="Lake%20Sammamish">Lake Sammamish</a>. , a tributary of <a href="Kelsey%20Creek">Kelsey Creek</a>, has its origin at Lake Bellevue and contains Chinook (an endangered species), Sockeye and Coho salmon. In the creek basin, 71% of the land has an <a href="impervious%20surface">impervious surface</a> (roads and parking lots).

The lake is named for settler , a United States Civil War veteran who homesteaded there in 1872.

Tracks for the <a href="Northern%20Pacific%20Railroad">Northern Pacific Railroad</a> passing near the lake were laid in 1904. Sound Transit aquired part of the right of way for <a href="East%20Link%20Extension">East Link Extension</a> light rail. The <a href="Wilburton%20station%20%28Sound%20Transit%29">Wilburton station</a>, under construction in 2017, will be near the west side of the lake. The <a href="Spring%20District">Spring District</a> development and its separate <a href="Spring%20District/120th%20station">light rail station</a> about one half mile (one kilometer) away will be near the northeastern shore of the lake.



</doc>
<doc id="54786431" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54786431" title="Zarasai County">
Zarasai County

Zarasai County (, , ) was one of the <a href="counties%20of%20the%20Russian%20Empire">counties of the Russian Empire</a>.

History.
Established 1795 under <a href="Vilna%20Governorate">Vilna Governorate</a>. Transferred to <a href="Kovno%20Governorate">Kovno Governorate</a>. Formal abolition in 1924 by Soviet authorities.


</doc>
<doc id="54786603" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54786603" title="Steam generator iron">
Steam generator iron

A steam generator iron is a modified version of a standard <a href="Clothes%20iron">steam iron</a>. Like traditional steam irons, steam generator irons use a combination of heat and steam power to remove wrinkles while ironing, they usually have a water reservoir either fully attached or detachable and a boiler that converts the water into steam. A high volume of pressurised steam can be released either continuously or in burst mode. The main difference between a steam generator iron and a regular steam iron is the amount of steam they produce.

There are two main types of steam generator irons, pressurised and non-pressurised. A non-pressurised steam generator iron will produce a lot of steam but the steam is released at a lower speed, typically around 80-100 grams per minute. A pressurised steam generator iron, on the other hand, creates a highly pressurised environment that helps the steam penetrate fabric more efficiently. A pressurised steam generator iron will typically have a steam output of 100-120 grams per minute. The amount of pressure a steam generator iron has is measured in <a href="Bar%20%28unit%29">bars</a>, with a higher bar number meaning the steam has more pressure. Steam generator irons typically have 3-6 bars of pressure.

</doc>
<doc id="54786641" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54786641" title="Adeniyi Akintola">
Adeniyi Akintola

Adeniyi Akintola (Niyi Akintola) is a lawyer, <a href="Senior%20Advocate%20of%20Nigeria">Senior Advocate of Nigeria</a>, politician and philanthropist from Ibadan, Oyo State, Nigeria. He is the Principal Partner of Adeniyi Akintola & Co., a Law Firm with head office in Ibadan, Oyo State, Nigeria. Akintola formally declared his intention to contest for the Oyo State governorship seat on the platform of the <a href="All%20Progressives%20Congress">All Progressives Congress</a> (APC) in 2019.

Early life and career.
Adeniyi Michael Akintola SAN was born January 21, 1960 in Ibadan, Nigeria. He earned his law degree from the University of Ibadan. He was awarded the rank of Senior Advocate of Nigeria in 2001. He served as Oyo State Deputy Speaker from 1992-1993 and was a member of <a href="National_Democratic_Coalition_%28Nigeria%29">NADECO</a>, an opposition group to the Abacha military regime 

Political campaign.
Adeniyi Akintola was the first to make known his intentions to run for governor of Oyo State in April 2017. He has since garnered many endorsements, most notably from 
the Alaafin of Oyo, Oba <a href="Lamidi%20Adeyemi%20III">Lamidi Adeyemi III</a>, "Vanguard" Newspapers.

Personal Life.
He is married to Justice Boyede Rachael Akintola ,


</doc>
<doc id="54786670" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54786670" title="Tatiana Zhuravleva">
Tatiana Zhuravleva

Zhuravleva Tatiana Alexandrovna (Russian ) (born May 27 in Kazan, Russian Federation) is a Russian discus thrower. Tatiana is a member of the Russian national team. Tatiana moved to the United States in 2011
In 2014, she won the NCAA Outdoor Championships with 56.10 m. She became third at the Russian Championship in 2014. She qualified for the World University Games in Korea in 2015.Tatiana qualified for the European Championship in 2016, but because of the ban of her country could not compete there.
She is currently studying and practicing in the States.

</doc>
<doc id="54786672" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54786672" title="Frank Booker">
Frank Booker

Frank Alonzo Booker (born March 22, 1964) is an American former professional <a href="basketball">basketball</a> player. He gained considerable fame in Iceland as a high scoring guard in the <a href="%C3%9Arvalsdeild%20karla%20%28basketball%29">Úrvalsdeild karla</a> during the early 1990s.

College.
Booker played college basketball at <a href="Bowling%20Green%20State%20University">Bowling Green State University</a> from 1983 to 1987.

Career.
NBA.
On June 22, 1987, Booker was selected by the <a href="New%20Jersey%20Nets">New Jersey Nets</a> with the second pick in round 7 of the <a href="1987%20NBA%20Draft">1987 NBA Draft</a>. He had short pre-season stints with the Nets, <a href="Miami%20Heat">Miami Heat</a> and <a href="Cleveland%20Cavaliers">Cleveland Cavaliers</a>.

Iceland.
ÍR.
Booker joined <a href="%C3%8DR%20%28basketball%20club%29">ÍR</a> in January of 1991 and in his first game he set a <a href="%C3%9Arvalsdeild%20karla%20%28basketball%29">Úrvalsdeild</a> record when he made 15 three point shots. Two games later he tied the record when he again made 15 three pointers, on route to 60 points, in a loss against <a href="Sn%C3%A6fell%20%28basketball%20club%29">Snæfell</a>. For the season he averaged a league leading 43,2 points while making 7,8 three pointers per game.
Valur.
He joined <a href="Valur%20%28basketball%20club%29">Valur</a> at the start of the 1991-1992 season and led them to the 1992 Úrvalsdeild finals where the team lost to Keflavík, 2-3, after holding a 2-1 lead in the series. As a member of Valur he led the league in scoring in 1992 and 1994.

Grindavík.
After three seasons with Valur, Booker joined <a href="Grindav%C3%ADk%20%28basketball%20club%29">Grindavík</a> in 1994. For the season Booker averaged 15,5 points per game, leading the club to the second best record in the league, and helping it to win the 1995 <a href="Icelandic%20Men%27s%20Basketball%20Cup">Icelandic Basketball Cup</a>.

Booker was unexpectedly let go from Grindavík after their first game in the 1995 Úrvalsdeild playoffs. The split was far from amicable. Grindavík claimed Booker had become disgruntled and disinterested after being denied by the team to participate in the All-Star game in February, do to him missing practices the same week because of a back injury. They further claimed that he had dishonered an agreement to live in an appartment the club rented for him in <a href="Grindav%C3%ADk">Grindavík</a>, dubbed "the most expensive shoe storage this side of the <a href="Alps">Alps</a>" by the press, and spent to much energy driving back and forth from <a href="Reykjav%C3%ADk">Reykjavík</a> where he lived with his girlfriend. Booker responded that he was deeply disapointed by the dismissal and the allegations but wished the club all the best in its upcoming games.

Grindavík stepped up after Booker's departure, dismantling Haukar in the next game, 88-122, and sweeping them out of the playoffs.

After a big loss to <a href="Keflav%C3%ADk%20%28basketball%20club%29">Keflavík</a> in the semi-finals, allegations rose that Booker had leaked Grindavík's playbook to Keflavík. Both Booker and Keflavík's head coach, <a href="J%C3%B3n%20Kr.%20G%C3%ADslason">Jón Kr. Gíslason</a>, strongly denied the allegations, with Jón Kr. stating that he had multiple game tapes of Keflavík and didn't need any help in finding their tactics. To further fuel the argument between the two parties, Booker requested that the club payed him bonus for it getting to the quarter finals as was stated in his contract.

Coaching career.
Booker started as the head coach of Valur during the 1993-1994 season. He was replaced after a 3-10 start by <a href="Svali%20Bj%C3%B6rgvinsson">Svali Björgvinsson</a>.

Personal life.
Booker's half Icelandic son, Frank Aron Booker, played for the <a href="Oklahoma%20Sooners">Oklahoma Sooners</a> in the <a href="Big%2012%20Conference">Big 12 Conference</a> from 2013 to 2015. He transferred from the <a href="Florida%20Atlantic%20Owls">Florida Atlantic Owls</a> before the 2015-16 season.


</doc>
<doc id="54786835" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54786835" title="Jevon Carter">
Jevon Carter

Jevon Carter (born September 14, 1995) is an American <a href="college%20basketball">college basketball</a> player for <a href="West%20Virginia%20University">West Virginia University</a> (WVU). A rising senior <a href="point%20guard">point guard</a> for the Mountaineers, Carter is known as one of the top defensive players in the country, having won the <a href="NABC%20Defensive%20Player%20of%20the%20Year">NABC Defensive Player of the Year</a> and the <a href="Lefty%20Driesell%20Award">Lefty Driesell Award</a> after his <a href="Junior%20%28education%29">junior</a> season.

Carter came to WVU from <a href="Proviso%20East%20High%20School">Proviso East High School</a> in <a href="Maywood%2C%20Illinois">Maywood, Illinois</a>. While he has played mostly off the ball in high school, he converted to the <a href="point%20guard">point guard</a> position, making his name as one of the top defensive players in the <a href="Big%2012%20Conference">Big 12 Conference</a>. In Carter's junior season of <a href="2016%E2%80%9317%20NCAA%20Division%20I%20men%27s%20basketball%20season">2016–17</a>, Carter averaged 13.5 points, 5.0 rebounds and 3.6 assists per game. He received many accolades for his defensive prowess, earning Big 12 Defensive Player of the Year, as well as the <a href="Lefty%20Driesell%20Award">Lefty Driesell Award</a> and the <a href="NABC%20Defensive%20Player%20of%20the%20Year">NABC Defensive Player of the Year</a> as the top defensive player in the country.

Following his junior season, Carter declared for the <a href="2017%20NBA%20draft">2017 NBA draft</a>, but did not hire an agent. Ultimately he decided to return to the Mountaineers for his senior season.



</doc>
<doc id="54786864" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54786864" title="Robert Dalzell (died 1758)">
Robert Dalzell (died 1758)

<a href="General%20%28United%20Kingdom%29">General</a> Robert Dalzell (1662–1758, commonly spelt Dalziel) was a Scottish officer in the British Army. He saw action in many of the Duke of Marlborough's campaigns.

Dalzell married Anna Maria Gibson, the daughter of <a href="John%20Gibson%20%28British%20soldier%29">Sir John Gibson</a>. They had a son, Gibson Dalzell.

He was promoted to be general of foot on 24 March 1747.


</doc>
<doc id="54786910" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54786910" title="S.H.M.B Noor Chowdhury">
S.H.M.B Noor Chowdhury

S.H.M.B Noor Chowdhury is a Bangladesh Army officer who was convicted for the <a href="Assassination%20of%20Sheikh%20Mujibur%20Rahman">Assassination of Sheikh Mujibur Rahman</a>, President of Bangladesh and for involvement in the murder of four national leaders in the <a href="Jail%20Killing%20Day">Jail Killing</a>. He is currently a fugitive and is hiding in Canada. The Canadian Government has refused to extradite him because he faces the death penalty in Bangladesh.

Career.
In 1974, Noor was an Major of <a href="Bangladesh%20Army">Bangladesh Army</a> in The First Bengal Lancer unit.A major of the Lancers, <a href="Shariful%20Haque%20Dalim">Shariful Haque Dalim</a> had gotten into a scuffle with the sons of <a href="Bangladesh%20Awami%20League">Bangladesh Awami League</a> leader, <a href="Gazi%20Golam%20Mostafa">Gazi Golam Mostafa</a>. Officers from the Lancer than ransacked the house of Mostafa. This resulted in those officers including Dalim and Noor of losing their commissions in the army. On May or June 1975 Noor and other officers met with Khondakar Mushtaque to talk about the plot to remove Sheikh Mujib from power. The officers wished to meoved the secular government of Sheikh Mujib and replace it with an Islamic law under <a href="Khondakar%20Mushtaque">Khondakar Mushtaque</a>.

On 14 August 1975, the army officers met to finalize their plans for the next day. Noor was placed in the team that was to attack the residence of Sheikh Mujib, the President of Bangladesh. Noor along with Major <a href="Mohammad%20Bazlul%20Huda">Mohammad Bazlul Huda</a> shot and killed Sheikh Mujib while he was coming down the stairs.

The attack on 15 August 1975 killed <a href="Sheikh%20Mujibur%20Rahman">Sheikh Mujibur Rahman</a> and most of his family members. After the coup, Noor was posted to the Bangladeshi embassy in Tehran as the second secretary. In 1996 when Bangladesh Awami League government was voted to power, Noor was recalled to Bangladesh. He refused to comply with the government order and lost his job as a result.

On 3 November 1975 former acting <a href="President%20of%20Bangladesh">President</a> <a href="Syed%20Nazrul%20Islam">Syed Nazrul Islam</a>, former <a href="Prime%20Minister%20of%20Bangladesh">Prime Minister</a> <a href="Tajuddin%20Ahmad">Tajuddin Ahmad</a>, former <a href="Finance%20Ministry%20%28Bangladesh%29">Finance Minister</a> <a href="Muhammad%20Mansur%20Ali">Muhammad Mansur Ali</a>, and former <a href="Ministry%20of%20Home%20Affairs%20%28Bangladesh%29">Minister of Home Affairs</a> <a href="Abul%20Hasnat%20Muhammad%20Qamaruzzaman">Abul Hasnat Muhammad Qamaruzzaman</a> were killed by the mutinous officers in <a href="Dhaka%20Central%20Jail">Dhaka Central Jail</a>.
Trial.
The Metropolitan Sessions Judge's Court of Dhaka had sentenced him to life imprisonment for the murder of four national leaders of Bangladesh in the 1975 Jail killing case and 11 other defendants were sentenced to life imprisonment; 3 to death. On 28 August the Bangladesh High court confirmed his life sentence. The Supreme Court of Banglaesh called the jail killing a Criminal conspiracy after confirming the sentences of the accused on 1 December 2015. Majors present in <a href="Bangabhaban">Bangabhaban</a> has asked the jailer at Dhaka Jail to provide the assassins with access to the four leaders.

Extradition.
The Canadian government has refused to extradite Noor as Noor has been sentenced to death in Bangladesh. The Canadian government has shown willingness to resolve the issue with Bangladesh through discussions. Canada has reportedly not approved his application for political asylum. Noor has proclaimed his innocence on an interview on the <a href="Canadian%20Broadcasting%20Corporation">Canadian Broadcasting Corporation</a>.


</doc>
<doc id="54786917" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54786917" title="Johan Peter Trøite">
Johan Peter Trøite

Johan Peter Trøite (22 March 1880 – ) was a Norwegian politician. 

He was born in <a href="Hegra%20">Hegra </a> to Nils Pedersen Hegre and Randi Rollaugsdatter Bjørngaard. He was elected representative to the <a href="Storting">Storting</a> for the period 1937–1945, for the <a href="Liberal%20Party%20%28Norway%29">Liberal Party</a>.


</doc>
<doc id="54786962" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54786962" title="Navy Strategic Command">
Navy Strategic Command

The Navy Strategic Command (formerly the Navy Systems Command) is the command responsible for training, personnel, resources, engineering and capability development of the <a href="Royal%20Australian%20Navy">Royal Australian Navy</a>. As such the Navy Strategic Command works with the <a href="Capability%20Acquisition%20and%20Sustainment%20Group">Capability Acquisition and Sustainment Group</a>, the <a href="Defence%20Science%20and%20Technology%20Group">Defence Science and Technology Group</a>, and the <a href="Chief%20of%20Joint%20Capabilities">Joint Capabilities Group</a> to ensure the personal, materiel and logistical capabilities of the <a href="Royal%20Australian%20Navy">Royal Australian Navy</a>.

Role and structure.
The role and responsibilities of the Navy Strategic Command is principally to provide logistical support services to the <a href="Commander%20Australian%20Fleet">Fleet Command</a> and the infrastructure and personnel of the <a href="Royal%20Australian%20Navy">Royal Australian Navy</a> as a whole.

Navy People, Training and Resources.
The Head of Navy People, Training and Resources is dual held by the <a href="Deputy%20Chief%20of%20Navy%20%28Australia%29">Deputy Chief of Navy</a> with the rank of <a href="Rear%20Admiral%20%28Australia%29">Rear Admiral</a> and is responsible for the training and management of the personnel of the <a href="Royal%20Australian%20Navy">Royal Australian Navy</a>.

Navy Engineering, Regulation, Certification and Safety.
The Head of Navy Engineering, with the rank of <a href="Rear%20Admiral%20%28Australia%29">Rear Admiral</a> and Naval Flag Administrator, is responsible for the management, delivery and maintenance of seaworthy material, <a href="maritime%20engineering">maritime engineering</a>, oversight of the Fleet Support Unit, overseeing health and safety requirements, and setting material certification requirements and licensing policy. As such the Head of Navy Engineering works with the <a href="Chief%20of%20Joint%20Capabilities">Joint Logistics Command</a>. The Head of Navy Engineering operates one of the most comprehensive engineering programs in Australia.

Naval Technical Bureau.
The Naval Technical Bureau is composed of uniform and civilian specialists across engineering and technological professions responsible for the delivery of seaworthy materiel.

Maritime Safety Bureau.
The Maritime Safety Bureau is responsible for the monitoring and defining policy for maritime safety and operational seaworthiness of the <a href="Royal%20Australian%20Navy">Royal Australian Navy</a>.

Navy Capability.
The Head of Navy Capability, with the rank of <a href="Rear%20Admiral%20%28Australia%29">Rear Admiral</a>, is responsible for navy <a href="modernisation">modernisation</a>, investment, and force design bringing the alignment of capabilities of the three services together into a joint force. The Head of Navy Capability works with the <a href="Capability%20Acquisition%20and%20Sustainment%20Group">Capability Acquisition and Sustainment Group</a>.

Sea Power Centre.
The Sea Power Centre - Australia (SPC–A) was established in the early 1990s to act as an autonomous research centre in order to foster and encourage development of maritime strategic thought by providing intellectual rigour to the public debate on maritime strategy and other maritime issues.


</doc>
<doc id="54786968" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54786968" title="Nitro/Nora BS">
Nitro/Nora BS

Nitro/Nora BS is a <a href="bandy">bandy</a> club based in <a href="Nora">Nora</a> in Sweden, founded in 1979. It was created by the merger of the bandy sections from two sports club in the town, <a href="IK%20Nitro">IK Nitro</a> and <a href="IFK%20Nora">IFK Nora</a>.

The club has been playing in <a href="Allsvenskan%20%28bandy%29">Allsvenskan</a>, the second tier Swedish bandy league, for many years.



</doc>
<doc id="54787019" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54787019" title="Dixon High School (Dixon, California)">
Dixon High School (Dixon, California)

Dixon High School is a <a href="high%20school">high school</a> in <a href="Dixon%2C%20California">Dixon, California</a>. It is the only high school in the town of about 18,000. It is part of the <a href="Dixon%20Unified%20School%20District">Dixon Unified School District</a>.

On the first day in the 2017-2018 school year, there were 1,183 students attending. The school then had 55 teachers, and the principal was Nick Girimonte.



</doc>
<doc id="54787036" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54787036" title="Saif Nabel (singer)">
Saif Nabel (singer)

Saif Nabel (; born March 11, 1984 in <a href="Baghdad">Baghdad</a>, <a href="Iraq">Iraq</a>), is an <a href="Iraqi%20people">Iraqi</a> <a href="singer">singer</a>, composer and <a href="songwriter">songwriter</a>.





</doc>
<doc id="54787040" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54787040" title="State Institute of Physical Education For Women">
State Institute of Physical Education For Women

State Institute of Physical Education For Women, established in 1975, is an undergraduate women's college for physical education in <a href="Kolkata">Kolkata</a>, <a href="West%20Bengal">West Bengal</a>, India. This college is affiliated to the <a href="University%20of%20Calcutta">University of Calcutta</a>. This college offers B.P. Ed and M.P.Ed degree.


</doc>
<doc id="54787154" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54787154" title="Sex and the City (season 2)">
Sex and the City (season 2)

The second season of "<a href="Sex%20and%20the%20City">Sex and the City</a>", an American television romantic sitcom, aired in the United States on <a href="HBO">HBO</a> from June 6 to October 3, 1999. Based on the eponymous book written by <a href="Candace%20Bushnell">Candace Bushnell</a>, the series was created by <a href="Darren%20Star">Darren Star</a> and produced by Darren Star Productions, HBO Original Programming, and Warner Bros. Television. Star, Barry Josen and <a href="Michael%20Patrick%20King">Michael Patrick King</a> served as the series' executive producers. The show follows the relationships and sexual escapades of Carrie Bradshaw, a sex columnist for the fictional "New York Star", and her friends <a href="Samantha%20Jones%20%28Sex%20and%20the%20City%29">Samantha Jones</a>, <a href="Charlotte%20York%20Goldenblatt">Charlotte York</a> and <a href="Miranda%20Hobbes">Miranda Hobbes</a>.

Season two, comprising 18 episodes, aired on Sunday nights at 9:00 p.m. <a href="Eastern%20Time%20Zone">Eastern Time Zone</a>. The season garnered a more position reception from critics. The second season saw a rise in ratings from the previous season, averaging a total of nine million viewers. The show continued its award success in season two, garnering various major award nominations for the main cast and the series, including a <a href="Golden%20Globe%20Award%20for%20Best%20Actress%20%E2%80%93%20Television%20Series%20Musical%20or%20Comedy">Golden Globe Award</a> win for Parker.

Production.
The second season of "Sex and the City" was created by <a href="Darren%20Star">Darren Star</a> and produced by Darren Star Productions and <a href="Warner%20Bros.%20Television">Warner Bros. Television</a>, in association with <a href="HBO%20Original%20Programming">HBO Original Programming</a>. The series is based on <a href="Sex%20and%20the%20City%20%28book%29">the book of the same name</a>, written by <a href="Candace%20Bushnell">Candace Bushnell</a>, which contains stories from her column with the "<a href="New%20York%20Observer">New York Observer</a>". The show features production from Barry Jossen, <a href="Michael%20Patrick%20King">Michael Patrick King</a>, and Star. Season two featured writing credits from Star, King, <a href="Jenny%20Bicks">Jenny Bicks</a>, <a href="Cindy%20Chupack">Cindy Chupack</a>, Ollie Levy, and <a href="Terri%20Minsky">Terri Minsky</a>. The season was directed by Alan Algrant, <a href="Allison%20Anders">Allison Anders</a>, <a href="John%20David%20Coles">John David Coles</a>, <a href="Allan%20Coulter">Allan Coulter</a>, <a href="Victoria%20Hochberg">Victoria Hochberg</a>, <a href="Nicole%20Holofcener">Nicole Holofcener</a>, <a href="Michael%20Spiller">Michael Spiller</a>, and <a href="Alan%20Taylor%20%28director%29">Alan Taylor</a>.

Cast and characters.
Season two featured four actors receiving star billing. <a href="Sarah%20Jessica%20Parker">Sarah Jessica Parker</a> played the lead character <a href="Carrie%20Bradshaw">Carrie Bradshaw</a>, a writer of a sex column, "Sex and the City" , for fictional magazine and the narrator of the series. <a href="Kim%20Cattrall">Kim Cattrall</a> portrayed <a href="Samantha%20Jones%20%28Sex%20and%20the%20City%29">Samantha Jones</a>, a sexually confident public relations agent who follows the same relationship rules that men do. <a href="Kristin%20Davis">Kristin Davis</a> played <a href="Charlotte%20York%20Goldenblatt">Charlotte York</a>, an optimistic art museum curator who holds traditional views on relationships. <a href="Cynthia%20Nixon">Cynthia Nixon</a> portrayed <a href="Miranda%20Hobbes">Miranda Hobbes</a>, an acerbic lawyer with a pessimistic outlook on relationship and a distrust of men.

The season featured a number of recurring guest appearances. <a href="Chris%20Noth">Chris Noth</a> appeared as the slick, elusive business man and Carrie's love interest known as <a href="Mr.%20Big%20%28Sex%20and%20the%20City%29">Mr. Big</a>. <a href="Willie%20Garson">Willie Garson</a> portrayed Carrie's gay best friend and talent manager Stanford Blatch. <a href="David%20Eigenberg">David Eigenberg</a> appears as bartender and Miranda's love interest <a href="Steve%20Brady">Steve Brady</a>. <a href="Ben%20Weber%20%28actor%29">Ben Weber</a> played Skipper Johnson, Carrie's friend and Miranda's on-off <a href="Casual%20sex">friend with benefits</a>.

Reception.
Critical reception.
The second season averaged a total viewership of 9 million viewers, up from last season's average of 6.9 million.
Lloyd Paseman of "<a href="The%20Register-Guard">Eugene Register-Guard</a>" gave the series a 4 star (out of 5) rating, praising the ensemble performance by the cast, the realistic nature of the characters and the writing. Terry Kelleher of "<a href="People%20%28magazine%29">People Weekly</a>" wrote a positive review, stating that the series is funnier in season two due to Miranda's choice in men. Kelleher then deemed it "The Man Show's smarter flip side."

Awards and nominations.
At the <a href="57th%20Golden%20Globe%20Awards">57th Golden Globe Awards</a>, "Sex and the City" won the award for <a href="Golden%20Globe%20Award%20for%20Best%20Television%20Series%20%E2%80%93%20Musical%20or%20Comedy">Best Television Series – Musical or Comedy</a> while Sarah Jessica Parker won the award for <a href="Golden%20Globe%20Award%20for%20Best%20Actress%20%E2%80%93%20Television%20Series%20Musical%20or%20Comedy">Best Actress – Television Series Musical or Comedy</a>. <a href="Kim%20Cattrall">Kim Cattrall</a> and <a href="Cynthia%20Nixon">Cynthia Nixon</a> received nominations for <a href="Golden%20Globe%20Award%20for%20Best%20Supporting%20Actress%20%E2%80%93%20Series%2C%20Miniseries%20or%20Television%20Film">Best Supporting Actress – Series, Miniseries or Television Film</a>. Recurring cast member <a href="Chris%20Noth">Chris Noth</a> was also nominated for the <a href="Golden%20Globe%20Award%20for%20Best%20Supporting%20Actor%20%E2%80%93%20Series%2C%20Miniseries%20or%20Television%20Film">Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actor – Series, Miniseries or Television Film</a>. At the 2000 American Comedy Awards, Parker was nominated for Funniest Female Performer in a TV Series (Leading Role) Network, Cable or Syndication while <a href="Kristin%20Davis">Kristin Davis</a> was nominated for Funniest Supporting Female Performer in a TV Series. Parker also received a nomination for the <a href="Screen%20Actors%20Guild%20Award%20for%20Outstanding%20Performance%20by%20a%20Female%20Actor%20in%20a%20Comedy%20Series">Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Comedy Series</a>. The series received a nomination for <a href="Satellite%20Award%20for%20Best%20Television%20Series%20%E2%80%93%20Musical%20or%20Comedy">Best Television Series – Musical or Comedy</a> at the <a href="4th%20Golden%20Satellite%20Awards">4th Golden Satellite Awards</a>. 

At the <a href="Writers%20Guild%20of%20America%20Awards%201999">Writers Guild of America Awards 1999</a>, the series was nominated for the award for with episodes "Ex and the City" and "Four Women and the Funeral". For "The Man, The Myth, The Viagra", Victoria Hochberg was nominated for the award for <a href="Directors%20Guild%20of%20America%20Award%20for%20Outstanding%20Directing%20%E2%80%93%20Comedy%20Series">Outstanding Directing – Comedy Series</a> at the <a href="52nd%20Directors%20Guild%20of%20America%20Awards">52nd Directors Guild of America Awards</a>. "Sex and the City" received nominations for <a href="TCA%20Award%20for%20Program%20of%20the%20Year">Program of the Year</a> and <a href="TCA%20Award%20for%20Outstanding%20Achievement%20in%20Comedy">TCA Award for Outstanding Achievement in Comedy</a> at the <a href="16th%20TCA%20Awards">16th TCA Awards</a>. At the <a href="52nd%20Primetime%20Emmy%20Awards">52nd Primetime Emmy Awards</a>, the series was nominated for nine awards, including a second nomination for <a href="Primetime%20Emmy%20Award%20for%20Outstanding%20Comedy%20Series">Outstanding Comedy Series</a> and <a href="Primetime%20Emmy%20Award%20for%20Outstanding%20Lead%20Actress%20in%20a%20Comedy%20Series">Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy Series</a> for Parker. Cattrall also received her first nomination for <a href="Primetime%20Emmy%20Award%20for%20Outstanding%20Supporting%20Actress%20in%20a%20Comedy%20Series">Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series</a> while writers and executive producers <a href="Cindy%20Chupack">Cindy Chupack</a> and <a href="Michael%20Patrick%20King">Michael Patrick King</a> received nods for <a href="Primetime%20Emmy%20Award%20for%20Outstanding%20Writing%20for%20a%20Comedy%20Series">Outstanding Writing for a Comedy Series</a> for their respective episodes.

Episodes.
<onlyinclude>

</onlyinclude>


</doc>
<doc id="54787166" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54787166" title="Verónika Moral">
Verónika Moral

Verónika Moral (born Verónica Moral; August 30, 1978) is a <a href="Spanish%20people">Spanish</a> actress known for appearing in the long-running telenovela "<a href="Amar%20en%20tiempos%20revueltos">Amar en tiempos revueltos</a>" and also for her acting in "Compañeros", "<a href="F%C3%ADsica%20o%20Qu%C3%ADmica">Física o Química</a>", "<a href="Qu%C3%A9%20vida%20m%C3%A1s%20triste">Qué vida más triste</a>", "Ciega a citas", "Vis a vis", "Lejos del mar", "La novia" and "Zipi y Zape y el club de la canica".

Early life.
Verónica Moral was born on August 30, 1978, in <a href="Burgos">Burgos</a>, the sixth of her sisters. She raised there until the age of 8 when she and her family moved to <a href="San%20Sebasti%C3%A1n">San Sebastián</a> (Basque). She studied Business.

Career.
Her debut as a film actress was in 1999 under the command of Eneko Olasagasti and Carlos Zabalacon. Verónica debuted in the film "<a href="S%C3%AD%2C%20quiero...">Sí, quiero...</a>" including actors and actresses like Cayetana Gillén Cuervo and Jaime Blanch.

On 2001, in addition to appearing in an episode of "Policías en el corazón de la calle", Verónica also joined the <a href="Antena%203%20%28Spain%29">Antena 3</a>'s serie named "Ciudad Sur" along with Yolanda Aristegui, José Ángel Egido, Pablo Rivero, and others.

A short-film titled "Primera persona" was directed by Gorka Merchán the following year, on 2002, and Verónica was one of the actresses from the film. On that same year, she also appeared in the Antena 3 serie "Compañeros" (Partners) when Verónica was also preparing her actuation for a play titled "Federica de Bramante o las florecitas del fango" directed by Pedro G. de las Heras in late 2002 and early 2003.

Her following TV projects were two fixed roles in the series "Tres son multitud" (<a href="Telecinco">Telecinco</a>, 2003) and "Capital" (Telemadrid, 2004), including an apparition in "Paco y Veva" (TVE, 2004). She also appeared in some episodes from the series "Los Serranos" (Telecinco, 2005).

During 2006, Verónica was an actress for a TV-movie, "Mobbing" by Sonia Sánchez starred by Cristina Marcos. 
In 2007, Verónica contributed to "Tres de Ases: el secreto de la Atlántida" directed by Joseba Vázquez and the serie "C.I.A.: No somos ángeles" (Antena 3).

Between 2008 and 2009, Verónica Moral joins ssome series: "Plan América" (TVE), Física o Química (Antena 3), "Los misterios de Laura" (TVE), "<a href="Qu%C3%A9%20vida%20m%C3%A1s%20triste">Qué vida más triste</a>" (LaSexta) and "Euskolegas" in ETB 2 TV.

Verónica Moral is also known for her work in "<a href="Amar%20en%20tiempos%20revueltos">Amar en tiempos revueltos</a>'¡" from La 1 (TVE) since 2009 until 2010. 

Lately, Verónica has been working in films like "L'assiette de mon voisin" by David Merlin-Dufey and Olivier Riche, "Zipi y Zape y el club de la canica" by Oskar Santos, "La novia" by Paula Ortiz and "Lejos del mar" by Imanol Uribe, but also in series like "Los quién" (Antena 3), "Frágiles" (Telecinco), "Ciega a citas" (Cuatro) and "Gym Tony" (Cuatro). Verónica also appears in "Vis a vis" acting as a policewoman, portraying Carmen de Icaza in the serie "Lo que escondían sus ojos" and also performing in "Mar de plástico". 

As of 2017, Verónica will appear in the serie "Perdóname Señor" from Telecinco.






</doc>
<doc id="54787175" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54787175" title="Gilles Maheu">
Gilles Maheu

Gilles Maheu (born 1948) is a <a href="Canada">Canadian</a> actor, playwright and director from <a href="Quebec">Quebec</a>. He is most noted for his starring role in the film "<a href="Night%20Zoo">Night Zoo</a> (Un Zoo la nuit)", for which he was a <a href="Genie%20Award">Genie Award</a> nominee for <a href="Academy%20of%20Canadian%20Cinema%20and%20Television%20Award%20for%20Best%20Performance%20by%20an%20Actor%20in%20a%20Leading%20Role">Best Actor</a> at the <a href="9th%20Genie%20Awards">9th Genie Awards</a> in 1988, and as the founder and artistic director of the influential <a href="Montreal">Montreal</a> theatre and dance company Carbone 14.

In 1992, he was one of the recipients of the inaugural <a href="Governor%20General%27s%20Performing%20Arts%20Awards">Governor General's Performing Arts Awards</a> for his work with Carbone 14. In 1998, he directed the premiere productions of the musical "<a href="Notre-Dame%20de%20Paris%20%28musical%29">Notre-Dame de Paris</a>".


</doc>
<doc id="54787194" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54787194" title="Robert Dalzell">
Robert Dalzell

Robert Dalzell may refer to:




</doc>
<doc id="54787318" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54787318" title="Capinatator">
Capinatator

Capinatator praetermissus is an extinct <a href="arrow%20worm">arrow worm</a> from the <a href="Burgess%20Shale">Burgess Shale</a> Lagerstatte, living about 508 million years ago in what is now <a href="British%20Columbia">British Columbia</a>.. It has the distinction of having 50 spines around its mouth. As with modern arrow worms, the spines were used to grasp prey for consumption. "C. praetermissus" is thought to represent a stage of chaetognathan evolution before arrow worms became planktonic swimmers.

The worm was 10 cm long. The spines were curved and around 1 cm long.

The generic name ""Capinatator"" means "grasping swimmer".


</doc>
<doc id="54787346" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54787346" title="East Redmond, Washington">
East Redmond, Washington

East Redmond was a <a href="town">town</a> in <a href="King%20County%2C%20Washington">King County, Washington</a> that existed from 1956 to 1965. The town, then located to the east of <a href="Redmond%2C%20Washington">Redmond</a> in the <a href="Seattle%20metropolitan%20area">Seattle metropolitan area</a>, was formed as a result of a <a href="land%20use">land use</a> dispute between neighbors. East Redmond, with a population of fewer than 400 people, was found to have not met the state's minimum population requirement for incorporation and was dis-incorporated by a decision of the <a href="Washington%20Supreme%20Court">Washington Supreme Court</a> in 1965.

History.
The King County government entered into an agreement with the Dincov family in 1954 to operate a <a href="gravel%20mine">gravel mine</a> on their East Redmond property. The Dincov's neighbors, in opposition to the gravel mine, proposed to form an <a href="municipal%20incorporation">incorporated</a> town in order to halt operations. A <a href="special%20election">special election</a> was held on August 14, 1956, and 108 residents voted in favor of incorporating East Redmond as a fourth-class town, while 67 opposed. The town's government passed an <a href="Local%20ordinance">ordinance</a> that prohibited the county's gravel mine operations, leading King County to seek a <a href="restraining%20order">restraining order</a> against the town. East Redmond officials threatened to arrest county employees violating the ordinance, and the requested temporary restraining order was denied by a <a href="King%20County%20Superior%20Court">Superior Court</a> judge. The county was eventually denied an <a href="injunction">injunction</a> that removed the town from interfering with the mine, due to expired and lapsed permits.

In February 1957, the King County Board of Commissioners received a <a href="petition">petition</a> signed by <a href="Snoqualmie%20Valley">Snoqualmie Valley</a> residents asking for the dis-incorporation of East Redmond. The petition concerned the maintenance of Novelty Hill Road, which ran through East Redmond towards the Snoqualmie Valley, which would be too expensive for East Redmond to maintain; the petition also alleged that the town had created a <a href="speed%20trap">speed trap</a> on the road. Another petition was presented to the town council that month, signed by 125 of its 375 residents hoping to trigger a dis-incorporation election. The election was called off after a ruling by a Superior Court judge after the discovery of signatures that did not match voter registrations, as well as withdrawn signatures, which reduced the number of petitioners to below the majority of registered of voters. Residents of the Novelty Hill Road area unsuccessfully attempted to secede from East Redmond through a special election in May 1957; "<a href="The%20Seattle%20Times">The Seattle Times</a>" reported that some residents had voted in favor of staying in East Redmond in order to be eligible to vote for dis-incorporation at a later date. A petition to dis-incorporate a majority of the town was certified in June, and the county scheduled a vote on the matter in October. East Redmond voted 164 to 24 to dis-incorporate three-fourths of the town, leaving only 50 residents and . The town <a href="annexation">annexed</a> the following month, including the Dincov gravel mine, to extend the city's boundaries to <a href="Lake%20Sammamish">Lake Sammamish</a>.

In March 1962, King County Prosecutor Charles O. Carroll filed a <a href="court%20action">court action</a> on the request of a Superior Court judge and 42 East Redmond residents that challenged the validity of East Redmond's fourth-class status. Two years later, on March 10, 1964, the Superior Court ruled that the incorporation was invalid for several reasons: the incorporated town was , but state law limited fourth-class towns to a size of ; the town did not meet the minimum population of 300 required for the status; and the incorporation vote had taken place outside of the proposed town, in neighboring <a href="Redmond%2C%20Washington">Redmond</a>. East Redmond's government, then conducting a regular election, appealed to the <a href="Washington%20Supreme%20Court">State Supreme Court</a>, who heard the case in early 1965. The State Supreme Court affirmed the Superior Court's decision on July 1, 1965, declaring that the town was illegally incorporated and thus invalid.

East Redmond became the second town in King County history to be dis-incorporated, following <a href="Ravensdale%2C%20Washington">Ravensdale</a> in the 1920s. The area remains unincorporated, as part of the <a href="Union%20Hill-Novelty%20Hill%2C%20Washington">Union Hill-Novelty Hill</a> census-designated place.

Geography.
At the time of its incorporation, East Redmond had a total size of ; the town shrunk to just over by the end of 1957. It was three times larger than the neighboring town of <a href="Redmond%2C%20Washington">Redmond</a>.

Demographics.
The <a href="1960%20United%20States%20Census">1960 census</a> counted a population of 203 people in East Redmond.

At the time of its dis-incorporation, the population of East Redmond had declined to 185. An unofficial population count by the <a href="Washington%20Secretary%20of%20State">Washington Secretary of State</a> in 1956 estimated that the town had 516 residents, but after the 1957 dis-incorporation vote, the town's population was reduced to 225 by 1958. The town was the smallest incorporated place in King County for most of its existence.

Government.
The town operated under a <a href="council%E2%80%93manager%20government">council–manager government</a>, with a <a href="city%20manager">town manager</a> and honorary <a href="mayor">mayor</a> chosen from the five-member elected town council. East Redmond was the only fourth-class town to operate under the government, with most others opting for a <a href="mayor%E2%80%93council%20government">mayor–council government</a>.


</doc>
<doc id="54787410" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54787410" title="The Garbage Can Man Show">
The Garbage Can Man Show

The Garbage Can Man Show is an American animated streamable TV series created, and self-produced by animator Preston Hazard. The show first aired on <a href="YouTube">YouTube</a> in June of 2016 with little to no publicity. The show started to receive notoriety in its second season when it was picked up by <a href="IMDb">IMDb</a>. The series centers on the Johnsons – brothers Dick and Peter, and their friends Jenny, Harry, and Garbage Can Man. The show was conceived by Hazard after he developed his first web-series "Davey the Dolphin". It is produced and distributed in association with <a href="Amazon%20Studios">Amazon Studios</a>.

While reviews for the first season were mixed, feedback for subsequent seasons has been much more positive. The series premiere episode, "Supper Weird", drew in only 20 views on youtube for its debut week, however, in September of 2016 the show made It's first viral video on IMDb with over 1 million views the first week. As of June 2017, the series has been in production for over a year.

On June 7, 2017, Pow Animation Studios renewed the series for It's fourth and fifth seasons. The fifth season is scheduled to premiere on April 9th, 2018.

Animation.
Pow Animation Studio uses <a href="Toon%20Boom%20Animation">Toon Boom Animation</a> to create the shows jagged rough animation style. The studio would receive the completed script of an episode and create a storyboard consisting over 50 drawings. It would then produce a digital animatic with 1000 frames. Finally, they would render the 10,000-frame finished episode.




</doc>
<doc id="54787416" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54787416" title="Itzik Ohanon">
Itzik Ohanon

Yitzhak "Itzik" Ohanon (born February 15, 1980) is an Israeli retired <a href="basketball">basketball</a> player. Being 6'9" (2.06 m) tall, Ohanon had played the <a href="Power%20forward%20%28basketball%29">power forward</a> and <a href="Center%20%28basketball%29">center</a> positions. 

He's the eldest brother of Israeli basketball players <a href="Eliav%20Ohanon">Eliav Ohanon</a> and <a href="Liel%20Ohanon">Liel Ohanon</a> (who is a woman basketballer). 

Nowadays he works as a senior administrator in an Israeli <a href="internet">internet</a> company.

Early Career.
Ohanon grew up in <a href="Bat%20Yam">Bat Yam</a> to a family of <a href="Moroccan%20Jewish">Moroccan Jewish</a> heritage and began playing basketball in a relatively late part of his teens. He played junior basketball for <a href="Maccabi%20Ra%27anana">Maccabi Ra'anana</a>, but made a name for himself when he signed with <a href="Hapoel%20Galil%20Elyon">Hapoel Galil Elyon</a> where he made his debut in the <a href="Israeli%20Premier%20League">Israeli Premier League</a> in the 1999/2000 season.

Ohanon was also part of the <a href="Israel%20national%20under-20%20basketball%20team">Israel national under-20 basketball team</a> who defeated <a href="Pau%20Gasol">Pau Gasol</a>'s <a href="Spain">Spain</a> and won the <a href="Silver%20Medal">Silver Medal</a> in the <a href="2000">2000</a> <a href="FIBA%20Europe%20Under-20%20Championship">FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship</a>. Some even compared the young Ohanaon to <a href="Tracy%20McGrady">Tracy McGrady</a>.

In the 2000/2001 season Ohanon had played for <a href="Bnei%20Herzliya">Bnei Herzliya</a>, and in the 2001/2002 he signed a long term contract with <a href="Hapoel%20Jerusalem%20B.C.">Hapoel Jerusalem B.C.</a>, where he reached the Semi-Finals of the European <a href="Saporta%20Cup">Saporta Cup</a> with the team.

College ball career.
Ohanon was recurited by <a href="Brad%20Soderberg">Brad Soderberg</a> to <a href="Saint%20Louis%20University">Saint Louis University</a> in 2002 and moved to the <a href="United%20States">United States</a> to compete for them in the <a href="Conference%20USA">Conference USA</a>. Part of his studies was funded by a scholarship.

Ohanon made a news media noise in America and Israel when he spoke, at the beginning of his freshman year, against the possibility of the <a href="US%20attack%20on%20Iraq">US attacking Iraq</a> and the <a href="Persian%20Gulf">Persian Gulf</a> as this may resolt in these countries attacking Israel as a response as muslims view his homeland as "the messanger of America in the Middle East". He finished his first season with SLU with being defeated at the 1st round of the <a href="2003%20National%20Invitation%20Tournament">2003 National Invitation Tournament</a>.

In his second season with SLU he reached the 2nd round of the <a href="2004%20National%20Invitation%20Tournament">2004 National Invitation Tournament</a>.

In his third and last season with the University of Saint Luis (2004/2005) he was announced the team's <a href="MVP">MVP</a> and was honored in a ceremony held for him in campus. He led his team that year in rebounds per game (5.4), was second in scoring (11.8 ppg), and was the team's best foul line shooter (52.7%), but his team finised in the third place in the confrence that year.

Due to graduating college at 25 years of age, Ohanon, who was not <a href="NBA%20draft">NBA draft</a>-eliable due to his age, decided to persue a career in European basketball instead of trying making his way to the <a href="NBA">NBA</a> through tryouts.

Professional Career.
Upon graduating, Ohanon had negotiations with the <a href="Greek%20Basketball%20Premier%20Division">Greek Basketball Premier Division</a> club <a href="Makedonikos%20B.C.">Makedonikos B.C.</a> but this move was terminated by Hapoel Jerusalem (coached by <a href="Erez%20Edelstein">Erez Edelstein</a>) who had him signed from his last season in Israel with a commitment he'd only play for them once he's done with his degree.
He joined the team for the 2005/2006 season but was forced to be a bench-warmer due to <a href="Arkadi%20Gaydamak">Arkadi Gaydamak</a>'s sponsorship to the club which brought both Israeli League top-guns (<a href="Meir%20Tapiro">Meir Tapiro</a>, <a href="Ido%20Kozikaro">Ido Kozikaro</a>, <a href="Matan%20Naor">Matan Naor</a> and <a href="Erez%20Markovitch">Erez Markovitch</a>) and European-tier leading American players (<a href="Horace%20Jenkins">Horace Jenkins</a>, <a href="Mario%20Austin">Mario Austin</a>, <a href="Roger%20Mason%20Jr.">Roger Mason Jr.</a> and <a href="Tamar%20Slay">Tamar Slay</a>) into the team who ended the year with reaching the <a href="ULEB%20Cup%202005-06">2006 ULEB Cup</a> Semi-Fianls and being the finalist for the <a href="Israeli%20Basketball%20Cup">Israeli Basketball Cup</a> and <a href="Israeli%20Basketball%20Super%20League">Israeli Basketball Championship</a>, where they lost both titles to the <a href="Euroleague">Euroleague</a> power house, <a href="Maccabi%20Tel%20Aviv%20B.C.">Maccabi Tel Aviv B.C.</a>.

Prior the 2006/2007 Ohanon decided that his little playing time in Jerusalem was enough and signed with <a href="Ironi%20Ramat%20Gan">Ironi Ramat Gan</a> of the rookie coach, <a href="Rubi%20Balinko">Rubi Balinko</a>, where he managed very well with a season which ended with 10.6 ppg and 4.3 rpg in 22 games in which the low-budget team managed to survive in the Premier League.

In the following summer of 2007 Ohanon was in the center of a media outrage led by the <a href="Israeli%20National%20Basketball%20Team">Israeli National Basketball Team</a> coach at the time, <a href="Zvika%20Sherf">Zvika Sherf</a>, and the head of the <a href="Israel%20Basketball%20Association">Israel Basketball Association</a> at the time, <a href="Irmi%20Ulmert">Irmi Ulmert</a>, who accused Ohanon in ditching the National Team <a href="2007%20FIBA%20Europe%20Championship">2007 FIBA Europe Championship</a> campaign because he preferred to join his wife as her protector in a modeling trip to <a href="South%20Africa">South Africa</a>.

In <a href="July%2019th">July 19th</a>, <a href="2007">2007</a> Ohanon had signed with the <a href="Basketball%20League%20Belgium%20Division%20I">Basketball League Belgium Division I</a> club <a href="Leuven%20Bears">Leuven Bears</a>, that was coached by the Israeli <a href="Yaacov%20Jino">Yaacov Jino</a>, for two years. In his first year with the Bears Ohanon was a notable player but his team finished the league in the 9th place. His second season there was less sucessful personally and he participated in 21 games however his team finished the season in the sixth place.

In the summer of <a href="2009">2009</a> Ohanon had decided to return to Israel and had signed again with Ironi Ramat Gan whom he favored due to his previous time there. The team was led by <a href="Dani%20Gut">Dani Gut</a> (Maccabi Tel Aviv B.C.'s head scout in the past) and had struggled in the league, till they've finished in the last place and were demoted to the <a href="Liga%20Leumit%20%28basketball%29">Liga Leumit</a> (2nd division). Ohanon had decided not to abandon the team and tried to help the club make it's way back to the Premier League but was injured during the season. After the 2010/2011 season was over with his team not making it back to the top division, Ohanon had decided to retire from professional basketball after 9 years, at the age of 31, due to a recurrent injury.

Personal life.
While attending St. Luis Ohanon met <a href="Mala%20Bryan">Mala Bryan</a>, a <a href="Caribbean">Caribbean</a>-born <a href="African-American">African-American</a> tall international model (1.80 m), who will become his first wife. The two had divorced and Ohanon is now married to an Israeli and lives in <a href="Karkur">Karkur</a> and now works in <a href="Hi-Tech">Hi-Tech</a>.

References.
 


</doc>
<doc id="54787633" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54787633" title="Zhao He">
Zhao He

Zhào Hé may refer to:



</doc>
<doc id="54787642" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54787642" title="Alan H. Friedman">
Alan H. Friedman

Alan H. Friedman is a novelist, short story writer, and literary critic. He taught English and creative writing as a professor at <a href="Columbia%20University">Columbia University</a>, <a href="Swarthmore%20College">Swarthmore College</a>, and the <a href="University%20of%20Illinois%2C%20Chicago">University of Illinois, Chicago</a>, where he served as Director of the Creative Writing Program in the Department of English. He reviewed fiction for the <a href="New%20York%20Times%20Book%20Review">New York Times Book Review</a> from 1978 to 1998. He was nominated for the <a href="National%20Book%20Award">National Book Award</a> in 1973 for his novel Hermaphrodeity.

Alan H. Friedman was born January 4, 1928 in <a href="Brooklyn%2C%20NY">Brooklyn, NY</a>. He received a B.A. in English from <a href="Harvard%20University">Harvard University</a> in 1949, an M.A. in English from <a href="Columbia%20University">Columbia University</a> in 1950, and a PhD in English from the <a href="University%20of%20California%2C%20Berkeley">University of California, Berkeley</a> in 1964.


</doc>
<doc id="54787684" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54787684" title="1988–89 Carlisle United F.C. season">
1988–89 Carlisle United F.C. season

For the 1988–89 season, <a href="Carlisle%20United%20F.C.">Carlisle United F.C.</a> competed in <a href="Football%20League%20Division%20Four">Football League Division Four</a>.


</doc>
<doc id="54787697" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54787697" title="Giulio Ricciarelli">
Giulio Ricciarelli

Giulio Ricciarelli (born August 2, 1965 in <a href="Milan">Milan</a>) is an Italian-German actor, director and film producer.

Career.
After his training at the <a href="Munich">Munich</a> Otto-Falckenberg-Schule (1985-1987), Ricciarelli began his career on stage. Thus he was engaged at the <a href="Theater%20Basel">Theater Basel</a> in 1989/1990; In 1991, he played at the Staatstheater Stuttgart and at the Theater Oberhausen; In 1992 a two-year engagement took place at Bonn. At the Bavarian State Theater Munich, he played the Alba in "Don Karlos" in 1994/1995 as well as the leading role Jean in "Zazou" under the direction of Jérôme Savary. At this time, his first lead role in a television film, the Tonino in "Tonino and Toinette" by Xaver Schwarzenberger. From 1995 onwards roles in series like "Dr. Black and Dr. Martin", accessed or targeted the goalkeeper, in which he played the main commissioner Silvio Kreutzer. In the cinema, Ricciarelli had a smaller role in "Rossini - or the murderous question of who slept with whom" among others in 1996.

In 2000, he founded the "Naked Eye Film Production" in Munich with Sabine Lamby. In addition to working as a producer for films like "Stranger Friend" (with Antonio Wannek and Mavie Hörbiger, 2003) he also acted as a director. His short film "Vincent" received a <a href="Golden%20Sparrow">Golden Sparrow</a> in 2005 and was nominated for the <a href="European%20Film%20Awards">European Film Awards</a> in 2006.

In 2014, he took on his debut feature film, a drama called <a href="Labyrinth%20of%20Lies">Labyrinth of Lies</a>. The film was nominated in August 2015 as a German candidate for an <a href="Oscar%20nomination">Oscar nomination</a> in the category of best foreign language film.

Ricciarelli is also present in various roles on television.

Personal life.
He lives mainly in Munich. Since 2002 he has been associated with the actress Lisa Martinek, whom he married in 2009.

Filmography.
As an actor

As a director



</doc>
<doc id="54787775" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54787775" title="Lee Ellis">
Lee Ellis

Altis Lee Ellis (born March 1, 1942) is an American sociologist who was a professor of <a href="sociology">sociology</a> at <a href="Minot%20State%20University">Minot State University</a> from 1976 to 2007. He was also an assistant and associate professor there from 1976 to 2009, after which he became a visiting professor at the <a href="University%20of%20Malaya">University of Malaya</a> from 2010 to 2012. 
Education.
Ellis grew up on a farm near <a href="Iola%2C%20Kansas">Iola, Kansas</a>. He received his B.A. in sociology from <a href="Pittsburg%20State%20University">Pittsburg State University</a> in <a href="Kansas">Kansas</a> in 1966, where he went on to receive his M.S. in sociology in 1970. He then received his Ph.D. in <a href="criminology">criminology</a> from <a href="Florida%20State%20University">Florida State University</a> in 1983.
Research.
Ellis is known for researching the potential biological roots of <a href="sexual%20orientation">sexual orientation</a>, and organized a conference on the subject that occurred in May 1995; he has also studied the potential for the use of thyroid and obesity medications during pregnancy to increase the odds of children being homosexual. He has also studied numerous other topics, such as the relationships between obesity in women and the number of children they give birth to, the link between left-handedness and mortality, and the effect one's genes have on the career they end up working in.


</doc>
<doc id="54787801" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54787801" title="Cesar Chiffre">
Cesar Chiffre

César Chiffre (born April 18, 1991) is a french director and actor. He is the third generation of a family with its roots in cinema. His grandfather <a href="Yvan%20Chiffre">Yvan Chiffre</a> was film director and stunt coordinator and his father <a href="Philippe%20Chiffre">Philippe Chiffre</a> is production designer.. 
Biography.
He directed his first movie at the age of 9 . Chiffre has produced around fifty short films (including shorts, music videos, a 45-minute medium length movie, and has produced some thirty films to order. 

In 2009, at the age of eighteen, he constructed his own camera system to direct "Produit" a short film in 3D with <a href="Alexis%20Loizon">Alexis Loizon</a> who played the lead character. 

He has also worked on visual effects for <a href="Costa%20Gavras">Costa Gavras</a>’ <a href="Eden%20is%20West">Eden is West</a>, and as a graphic designer on films by <a href="Eric%20Rochant">Eric Rochant</a>, <a href="Fred%20Cavay%C3%A9">Fred Cavayé</a>, <a href="Richard%20Berry">Richard Berry</a> and <a href="Guillaume%20Canet">Guillaume Canet</a>. He directed the ‘Making Of’ for <a href="Florent%20Emilio%20Siri">Florent Emilio Siri</a>’s most recent film, and has directed promotional teasers for <a href="Elo%C3%AFse%20Lang">Eloïse Lang</a>’s forthcoming film.





</doc>
<doc id="54787803" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54787803" title="Journal of Computing Sciences in Colleges">
Journal of Computing Sciences in Colleges

The Journal of Computing Sciences in Colleges is a bimonthly <a href="peer-reviewed">peer-reviewed</a>, <a href="open%20access">open access</a> <a href="academic%20journal">academic journal</a> published by the <a href="Consortium%20for%20Computing%20Sciences%20in%20Colleges">Consortium for Computing Sciences in Colleges</a> (CCSC) covering topics associated with <a href="computer%20science">computer science</a> and <a href="Computer%20Science%23Education">education</a>, and current technologies and methods in these areas. The journal publishes the <a href="proceedings">proceedings</a> from the conferences held annually in each of the CCSC regions. 

The journal was established in 1985 as the "Journal of Computing in Small Colleges".

Abstracting and indexing.
This journal is indexed by:



</doc>
<doc id="54787812" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54787812" title="Neusha Shisha">
Neusha Shisha

Neusha bint Ahmed bin Rayan bin Amir al-Shisha (Persian: احمد بن رئیان بن امیر الشیشا، نوشی بنت) circa (1700-1729) known in the West as Neusha Shisha was a Persian concubine the <a href="Safavid%20dynasty">Safavid</a> Shah <a href="Ashraf%20Hotak">Ashraf Hotak</a>. She was an established figure in the Persian court for her famed influence over the Iranian Court as well as her supposed responsibility in bringing <a href="Bubonic%20plague">Bubonic Plague</a> to several members of the Persian Court. For this, she was known in her own time as Neusha [of the] Buboes.

Early Life.
Neusha bint Ahmed bin Rayan bin Amir al-Shisha was born around 1700 to a wealthy merchant family in <a href="Qom">Qom</a>. Unusually for her time and status as a woman, she was educated by her father and she was given lessons in language in <a href="Persian%20language">Persian</a>, <a href="Arabic">Arabic</a>, and <a href="Azerbaijani%20language">Azeri</a> by a tutor. 

Entrance to the Court.
in 1715 she was taken by her father Ahmed to Isfahan to get familiar with the Safavid court life so as to bring prestige to her father's trading family. It was there that she first met the recently declared <a href="Shah">Shah</a> Ashraf Hotak. Little is known about their initial encounter but what is known is that by 1725 she was his favorite concubine.

Plague.
After taking a trip to visit her family in Qom in 1726, Neusha developed buboes on her neck and scalp. Out of fear for her families reputation, her father made her stay in Qom for a year to let the buboes heal. When she returned to the Safavid court, plague broke out to some of the members of the court, she was quick to blame, perhaps by other concubines of the court who were jealous of the Shah's preference to her. It was at around this time in 1727 that she got the monkier Neusha [of the] Buboes.


</doc>
<doc id="54787857" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54787857" title="Winter Is Coming (disambiguation)">
Winter Is Coming (disambiguation)

Winter is Coming may refer to:



</doc>
<doc id="54787894" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54787894" title="2017 MISC-MIFA season">
2017 MISC-MIFA season

The 2017 season is <a href="MISC-MIFA">MISC-MIFA</a>'s 4th competitive season, 1st season in the second tier of Malaysian football, <a href="Liga%20Premier">Liga Premier</a> after won the <a href="2016%20Malaysia%20FAM%20League">2016 FAM League</a> title.

Competitions.
Liga Premier.
Matches.
 <a href="http%3A//footballmalaysia.com/portal/index.php/premier-league-fixture/">Fixtures</a> / <a href="https%3A//www.pengurusanbolasepakfam.org.my/">Result</a>

Transfers.
<a href="List%20of%20Malaysian%20football%20transfers%202017">First transfer window</a> started on December 2017 to 22 January 2017 and second transfer window will started on 15 May 2017 to 11 June 2017.


</doc>
<doc id="54787900" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54787900" title="David Solans">
David Solans

David Solans Cortés (born 3 August 1996) is a <a href="Spain">Spanish</a> film and television actor.

Biography.
Solans' film debut was with <a href="Jes%C3%BAs%20Monlla%C3%B3">Jesús Monllaó</a>, who gave him the opportunity to participate in the film "<a href="Son%20of%20Cain">Son of Cain</a>", where he played Nico, a psychopathic boy obsessed with <a href="chess">chess</a>.

In the following years, he played the protagonist in the web series directed by Marc and <a href="Oriol%20Puig">Oriol Puig</a>, "La caida de Apolo", and in the feature film "<a href="El%20dulce%20sabor%20de%20lim%C3%B3n">El dulce sabor de limón</a>" by <a href="David%20Aymerich">David Aymerich</a>.

His first appearance on the small screen was in the series "<a href="Bajo%20sospecha">Bajo sospecha</a>" of <a href="Antena%203%20%28Spain%29">Antena 3</a>, where he played Oscar in the first season of the series.

In 2015, he starred in the TV series "<a href="Merl%C3%AD%20%28TV%20series%29">Merlí</a>" from <a href="TV3%20%28Catalonia%29">TV3</a>, where he plays Bruno Bergeron, a student who finds it difficult to accept himself how he is, and whose father becomes his new philosophy teacher. Due to the grand acclaim the series received in the Catalan public, <a href="La%20Sexta">La Sexta</a> decided to <a href="dub%20localization">dub</a> the series in <a href="Spanish%20language">Castilian</a> for the whole country. In 2016, the second season of "Merlí" aired. He left the series after the 12th episode, one episode before the season ended.

That year, he also began a four-episode mini-series on <a href="Telecinco">Telecinco</a>, "", playing <a href="Ram%C3%B3n%20Serrano%20Su%C3%B1er">Ramón Serrano Suñer</a>.




Awards and nominations.
In 2014, he was nominated by the <a href="Catalan%20Academy%20of%20Cinema">Catalan Academy of Cinema</a> (along with <a href="Jos%C3%A9%20Sacrist%C3%A1n">José Sacristán</a>, <a href="Javier%20C%C3%A1mara">Javier Cámara</a> y <a href="Eduard%20Fern%C3%A1ndez">Eduard Fernández</a>) and the <a href="C%C3%ADrculo%20de%20Escritores%20Cinematogr%C3%A1ficos">Círculo de Escritores Cinematográficos</a> for his role in "Hijo de Caín", and won Best Actor at Girona Film Festival for his performance in "La caída de Apolo".


</doc>
<doc id="54787944" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54787944" title="Stafford Road (closed 1852) railway station">
Stafford Road (closed 1852) railway station

Stafford Road railway station served the town of <a href="Stafford%2C%20Staffordshire">Stafford, Staffordshire</a>, England from 1850 to 1852 on the <a href="Wolverhampton-Shrewsbury%20line">Wolverhampton-Shrewsbury line</a>.

History.
The station opened in October 1850 by the <a href="Shrewsbury%20and%20Birmingham%20Railway">Shrewsbury and Birmingham Railway</a>. The station was situated to the west of Stafford Road at Stafford Road Junction. The station was served by six trains in both directions between Wolverhampton and Shrewsbury. On Sunday there were two trains in each direction. When a permanent station opened at Wolverhampton on 24 October 1852, it was a shirt distance from Stafford Road station and it proved to be unprofitable so it closed completely in July 1852.


</doc>
<doc id="54787947" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54787947" title="Leydse Courant">
Leydse Courant

The Leydse Courant was a <a href="Netherlands">Dutch</a> published from 1688 through 1992, initially only in <a href="Leiden">Leiden</a> and region and eventually it covered the entire province of <a href="South%20Holland">South Holland</a>. This catholic publication was one of the earlier newspapers in the Netherlands.

History.
1668–1824: Leydse Courant.
First publication of the Leydse Courant was in 1688. Until 1870 the newspaper appeared on Monday, Wednesday and Friday. Publisher was Anthony de Klopper & Zoon at the Breede Straat in Leiden. 

1824–1870: Leydsche Courant.
Cost of the newspaper in 1845 was 12 Dutch Guilder a year or 10 Guilder cents for an individual copy. Ads were 25 cent per line when commercial and 10 cent per line when noncommercial.

1870–1947: Leidsche Courant.
In 1870, publication became a daily. At the start of the 20th century, the editorial office moved to Oude Singel 54.

In 1909, a subscription was 9 Guilder cent per week, 1.30 Guilder per 3 months, and one paid 20 to have the newspaper sent by mail. Single copies were 2.5 cent. Starting 1910 an illustrated Sunday paper appeared for 5 cent. On 1 October 1914, the newspaper moved to Steenschuur 15, and the subscription cost was raised to 10 cents per week. The newspaper remained in this building during the Second World War.

The newspaper was notified by the <a href="Roman%20Catholic%20Church">Roman Catholic Church</a> on individuals who were about to get married. These young married received a free trial subscription that was then often renewed for pay.

1947–1992: Leidse Courant.
At the end of 1971, mail subscriptions were dropped. In June 1972, the cost of individual copy was 35 cents, weekly subscription was 1.83 Guilder, while for an annual subscription one paid 91.55. Prices rose fast. In January 1974, the price for individual copies was raised to 40 cents, in June 1974 to 45 cents, in January 1975 to 50 cents, and in June 1976 to 55 cents.

When the newspaper folded in 1992, it had 14,000 subscriptions.


</doc>
<doc id="54787968" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54787968" title="Austin Bearse">
Austin Bearse

Austin Bearse (1808-1881) was a sea captain from <a href="Cape%20Cod">Cape Cod</a> who provided transportation for fugitive slaves in the years leading up to the <a href="American%20Civil%20War">American Civil War</a>.

Early life.
Bearse was born in Barnstable, Massachusetts, on April 3, 1808. As a youth he worked occasionally as a mate on slave-trading vessels off the coast of South Carolina, and saw firsthand how cruelly the slaves were treated. Decades later he recalled in his memoir that "they were separated from their families and connections with as little concern as calves and pigs are selected out of a lot of domestic animals." Often the families and friends of the departing slaves were allowed to spend the night on the ship before it set sail. When morning came, Bearse had the unpleasant duty of warning them that it was time to say goodbye, and, as he put it, "the shrieks and cries of grief at these times were enough to make anyone's heart ache."

Affected by these experiences, Bearse became an <a href="abolitionist">abolitionist</a>. He continued working as a seaman, but refused to trade below the <a href="Mason-Dixon%20line">Mason-Dixon line</a>.

Abolitionism.
In 1847, at the request of Quaker agents <a href="Abigail%20Mott">Abigail</a> and <a href="Lydia%20Mott">Lydia Mott</a>, he smuggled a slave named George Lewis from Albany to Boston. There Lewis was reunited with his daughter, who had also run away. Bearse found Lewis a job, and the Reverend <a href="Leonard%20Grimes">Leonard Grimes</a> of the <a href="Twelfth%20Baptist%20Church%2C%20Boston">Twelfth Baptist Church</a> raised the funds to ransom Lewis's wife and remaining children from the slaveholders. This was the first of many such rescues in which Bearse took part. 

Soon after Congress passed the <a href="Fugitive%20Slave%20Act%20of%201850">Fugitive Slave Act of 1850</a>, Bearse became a member of the <a href="Boston%20Vigilance%20Committee">Boston Vigilance Committee</a>, a fugitive slave rescue organization with connections to the <a href="Underground%20Railroad">Underground Railroad</a>. In 1851 he worked as a harbor spy for the Committee, keeping an eye out for slave-catchers. He also served as dues collector until 1855. Coordinating with <a href="Thomas%20Wentworth%20Higginson">Thomas Wentworth Higginson</a>, <a href="Wendell%20Phillips">Wendell Phillips</a>, <a href="Lewis%20Hayden">Lewis Hayden</a>, <a href="William%20Ingersoll%20Bowditch">William Ingersoll Bowditch</a> and other committee members, Bearse undertook several daring slave rescues at sea. In one case, the committee hired him to retrieve a fugitive slave named Sandy Swain from the brig "Florence", which was moored at <a href="Fort%20Independence%20%28Massachusetts%29">Fort Independence</a> after sailing from North Carolina. He brought with him several white abolitionists and a party of black dock workers from <a href="Long%20Wharf%20%28Boston%29">Long Wharf</a>, and persuaded the captain of the brig to hand Swain over to him. As they were sailing away, they dressed Swain as a fisherman so he would blend in when they landed at City Point House. From there, Swain was driven to a safe house in Brookline, and continued the next morning on his way to Canada.

On another occasion, Bearse was asked to retrieve a fugitive slave from the "Sally Ann", also from North Carolina. He was unable to enlist a party of men to go with him on short notice, so he and his brother decided to try it on their own. To intimidate the other captain, Bearse tied jackets and hats to the railing of his own ship to make it appear from a distance as though he had a large crew to back him up. He then sent his brother in the yacht's rowboat to pick up the stowaway. Apparently fooled, the captain of the "Sally Ann" turned the stowaway over to the Bearse brothers, who brought him to South Boston and put him up in his home. The freed slave then continued on the Underground Railroad to Canada.

In 1853 Bearse was interviewed by <a href="Harriet%20Beecher%20Stowe">Harriet Beecher Stowe</a> at the office of the "<a href="Liberator">Liberator</a>" as part of her research for "<a href="A%20Key%20to%20Uncle%20Tom%27s%20Cabin">A Key to Uncle Tom's Cabin</a>".

Death and legacy.
Towards the end of his life, Bearse published a memoir, "Reminiscences of the Fugitive Slave-Law Days in Boston" (1880). He died on December 2, 1881, and was buried in the Beechwood Cemetery in <a href="Centerville%2C%20Massachusetts">Centerville, Massachusetts</a>. The Austin Bearse House in Centerville (built c. 1691) is part of the <a href="Centerville%20Historic%20District%20%28Barnstable%2C%20Massachusetts%29">Centerville Historic District</a>.


</doc>
<doc id="54788008" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54788008" title="The B-Side: Elsa Dorfman's Portrait Photography">
The B-Side: Elsa Dorfman's Portrait Photography

The B-Side: Elsa Dorfman's Portrait Photography is a 2016 American <a href="documentary%20film">documentary film</a> directed by <a href="Errol%20Morris">Errol Morris</a>. The film explores the life and career of <a href="Elsa%20Dorfman">Elsa Dorfman</a>. The film was released on June 30, 2017, by <a href="Neon%20%28distributor%29">Neon</a>.

Release.
The film premiered at the <a href="Telluride%20Film%20Festival">Telluride Film Festival</a> on September 4, 2016. The film was released on June 30, 2017, by <a href="Neon%20%28distributor%29">Neon</a>.


</doc>
<doc id="54788010" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54788010" title="The Warehouse District, West Palm Beach">
The Warehouse District, West Palm Beach

The Warehouse District, located in the City of West Palm Beach, Florida, is a collection of industrial warehouse buildings built between 1925 and 1968 that are being redeveloped into a creative, mixed-use district. The Warehouse District consists of 85,000 square feet of restaurants, craft breweries, artistic, creative commercial and athletic uses. The neighborhood is located southwest of downtown West Palm Beach and east of Interstate 95. The project is being developed by Johnstone Capital Partners, a Palm Beach-based real estate investment firm.



</doc>
<doc id="54788030" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54788030" title="1983 Big League World Series">
1983 Big League World Series

The <a href="1983%20in%20baseball">1983</a> <a href="Big%20League%20World%20Series">Big League World Series</a> took place from August 13–20 in <a href="Fort%20Lauderdale%2C%20Florida">Fort Lauderdale</a>, <a href="Florida">Florida</a>, United States. <a href="Taipei">Taipei</a>, <a href="Taiwan">Taiwan</a> defeated host <a href="Broward%20County%2C%20Florida">Broward County</a>, <a href="Florida">Florida</a> in the championship game.

Results.
Opening Round

Winner's Bracket
Loser's Bracket
Elimination Round


</doc>
<doc id="54788031" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54788031" title="Kaze to Kumo to Niji to">
Kaze to Kumo to Niji to

Plot.
The story chronicles the life of <a href="Taira%20no%20Masakado%20">Taira no Masakado </a>.

Cast.
Starring role


</doc>
<doc id="54788104" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54788104" title="Theodore Perry">
Theodore Perry

Theodore Bolivar Perry (April 1, 1833 - May 14, 1921) was an American <a href="lawyer">lawyer</a> and <a href="politician">politician</a>.

Early life and education.
Perry was born in <a href="Cincinnati%2C%20Ohio">Cincinnati, Ohio</a> and, as an adolescent moved with his family to <a href="Iowa">Iowa</a>. In early adulthood, he was a schoolteacher and, in 1852 began <a href="reading%20law">reading law</a> in <a href="Albia%2C%20Iowa">Albia, Iowa</a>.

Career.
In 1854 Perry was admitted to the Iowa Bar and went into practice with John S. Townsend. Perry became a successful attorney and also developed several commercial properties in Albia. He was elected to the Iowa State Board of Education in 1858, serving for four years. 

In 1877 Perry built a large "show residence" in Albia; an elaborate, High Victorian home designed to make a "social statement". He was later elected to the <a href="Iowa%20Senate">Iowa Senate</a> representing the <a href="Iowa%20Senate%2C%20District%2015">15th district</a> (then composed of <a href="Marion%20County%2C%20Iowa">Marion County, Iowa</a> and <a href="Monroe%20County%2C%20Iowa">Monroe County, Iowa</a>).

Personal life.
Perry married Minerva Allison in 1854 and, with her, had two children. After his first wife's death, he remarried, to Amanda Craig. With her, he had three children. 



</doc>
<doc id="54788123" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54788123" title="Listed buildings in Middelfart Municipality">
Listed buildings in Middelfart Municipality

This is a list of listed buildings in <a href="Middelfart%20Municipality">Middelfart Municipality</a>, <a href="Denmark">Denmark</a>.



</doc>
<doc id="54788210" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54788210" title="2000 Heineken Trophy – Women's Doubles">
2000 Heineken Trophy – Women's Doubles

<a href="Silvia%20Farina%20Elia">Silvia Farina Elia</a> and <a href="Rita%20Grande">Rita Grande</a> were the defending champions, but Farina Elia did not compete this year. Grande teamed up with <a href="Sabine%20Appelmans">Sabine Appelmans</a> and lost in semifinals to <a href="Catherine%20Barclay">Catherine Barclay</a> and <a href="Karina%20Hab%C5%A1udov%C3%A1">Karina Habšudová</a>.

<a href="Erika%20de%20Lone">Erika de Lone</a> and <a href="Nicole%20Pratt">Nicole Pratt</a> won the title, after <a href="Catherine%20Barclay">Catherine Barclay</a> and <a href="Karina%20Hab%C5%A1udov%C3%A1">Karina Habšudová</a> were forced to retire during the final. The score was 7–6, 4–3.



</doc>
<doc id="54788224" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54788224" title="Wonnangatta">
Wonnangatta

Wonnangatta is a locality in north east <a href="Victoria%20%28Australia%29">Victoria</a>, Australia. The locality is in the <a href="Alpine%20Shire">Alpine Shire</a> local government area, north east of the state capital, <a href="Melbourne">Melbourne</a>. 
At the , the residential population of Wonnangatta was recorded as zero.

<a href="Wonnangatta%20Station">Wonnangatta Station</a> was the site of the <a href="Wonnangatta%20murders">Wonnangatta murders</a> in 1917.


</doc>
<doc id="54788363" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54788363" title="2017–18 Partick Thistle F.C. season">
2017–18 Partick Thistle F.C. season

The <a href="2017%E2%80%9318%20in%20Scottish%20football">2017–18 season</a> is <a href="Partick%20Thistle%20F.C.">Partick Thistle's</a> fifth consecutive season in the top flight of Scottish football and the fifth in the newly established <a href="Scottish%20Premiership">Scottish Premiership</a>, having been promoted from the <a href="Scottish%20First%20Division">Scottish First Division</a> at the end of the <a href="2012-13%20Scottish%20First%20Division">2012–13 season</a>. Partick Thistle will also compete in the <a href="2017%E2%80%9318%20Scottish%20League%20Cup">League Cup</a> and the <a href="2017%E2%80%9318%20Scottish%20Cup">Scottish Cup</a>.


</doc>
<doc id="54788542" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54788542" title="Myint Kyu">
Myint Kyu

Myint Kyu (born 20 August 1950) is a <a href="Myanmar">Burmese</a> football manager and former player.

Early life.
As a child, his father, Ba Juu, played for the national team.

Career.
Aged 20, Kyu made his debut for the national team; he would later make one substitute appearance in the <a href="1972%20Summer%20Olympics">1972 Olympics</a> in a 1-0 loss to the <a href="Soviet%20Union%20national%20football%20team">Soviet Union</a>. In 1977, he retired from international football. He became coach of his former club <a href="Finance%20and%20Revenue%20F.C.">Finance and Revenue</a> when the league was restructured in 1996. He then joined <a href="Southern%20Myanmar%20F.C.">Southern Myanmar</a>, which is owned by businessman <a href="Htay%20Myint">Htay Myint</a>, chairman of the conglomerate <a href="Yuzana%20Company">Yuzana Company</a>, in 2009 as team manager; he has held that position since the clubs inception as well.


</doc>
<doc id="54788554" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54788554" title="Artemas, Pennsylvania">
Artemas, Pennsylvania

Artemas is an <a href="unincorporated%20community">unincorporated community</a> in <a href="Bedford%20County%2C%20Pennsylvania">Bedford County</a>, <a href="Pennsylvania">Pennsylvania</a>, <a href="United%20States">United States</a>. The community is south-southeast of <a href="Bedford%2C%20Pennsylvania">Bedford</a>. Artemas has a <a href="post%20office">post office</a> with <a href="ZIP%20code">ZIP code</a> 17211, which opened on June 23, 1892.


</doc>
<doc id="54788727" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54788727" title="Patricia Jabbeh Wesley">
Patricia Jabbeh Wesley

Patricia Jabbeh Wesley PhD is an Associate Professor of English at Pennsylvania State University and a Liberian writer who have written five books of poetry.  Wesley’s children's book “In Monrovia, the River Visits the Sea,” was published by One Moore Book Publishers in 2015. Wesley is an award winning poet. She started writing at an early age and credits her father who “was very supportive of her work but was concerned that, being female, someday she would have to give up writing in order to tend to her family.” She has four children. Wesley attended the University of Liberia for her undergraduate degree, before her graduate studies at Indiana University in Bloomington, IN, for her master’s degree in English.


</doc>
<doc id="54788733" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54788733" title="Carnelian Junction, Minnesota">
Carnelian Junction, Minnesota

Carnelian Junction is an <a href="Unincorporated%20area">unincorporated community</a> in <a href="May%20Township%2C%20Washington%20County%2C%20Minnesota">May Township</a>, <a href="Washington%20County%2C%20Minnesota">Washington County</a>, <a href="Minnesota">Minnesota</a>, <a href="United%20States">United States</a>. It is in the southern part of May Township near 120th Street North and Norell Avenue. The northern part of <a href="Stillwater%20Township%2C%20Washington%20County%2C%20Minnesota">Stillwater Township</a> is also in the immediate area. Pine Point Regional Park is nearby.


</doc>
<doc id="54788868" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54788868" title="Lou Phelps">
Lou Phelps

Louis-Philippe Celestin (born August 30, 1994), better known by his stage name Lou Phelps, is a Canadian <a href="Rapping">rapper</a> and <a href="Producer%20%28music%29">producer</a> from <a href="Saint-Hubert%2C%20Quebec">Saint-Hubert, Quebec</a>. He is a member of the Canadian <a href="Hip%20hop%20music">Hip hop</a> duo <a href="The%20Celestics">The Celestics</a> alongside <a href="Kaytranada">Kaytranada</a>.

Career.
2011–14: Early career.
Lou Phelps began his career as Louie P. with <a href="The%20Celestics">The Celestics</a>. They released their debut project titled "Massively Massive" in 2011.

2014-present: "Supreme Laziness" & "001: Expirements".
In 2014, Lou Phelps, along with <a href="Kaytranada">Kaytranada</a>, released a project titled "Extreme Laziness" under the moniker <a href="The%20Celestics">The Celestics</a>.

On April 20, 2017, Lou Phelps released his debut project titled "001: Expiriments". The project was produced entirely by <a href="Kaytranada">Kaytranada</a>. The project featured guest appearances by <a href="Bishop%20Nehru">Bishop Nehru</a>, Innanet James and Kallitechnis.

Influences.
Lou Phelps's influences include <a href="Andre%203000">Andre 3000</a>, <a href="Kendrick%20Lamar">Kendrick Lamar</a>, <a href="Kanye%20West">Kanye West</a>, <a href="Anderson%20Paak">Anderson Paak</a> and <a href="Madlib">Madlib</a>.




</doc>
<doc id="54788998" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54788998" title="1962 Utah state route renumbering">
1962 Utah state route renumbering

Coinciding with the designation of several routes in the <a href="Interstate%20Highway%20System">Interstate Highway System</a> through Utah, the <a href="Utah%20State%20Legislature">Utah State Legislature</a> made several changes to the <a href="List%20of%20Utah%20State%20Routes">Utah State Route</a> system. The bulk of these changes were not visible to the public, but were to <a href="unsigned%20highway">unsigned legislative designations</a> only. The primary effect was designating route numbers 1 through 5 for future corridors of the Interstate Highways in Utah. There were also changes made to a few unsigned highways serving <a href="List%20of%20state%20highways%20serving%20Utah%20state%20parks%20and%20institutions">state parks and institutions</a>. Several other routes were truncated or re-assigned or split into multiple designations to allow the Interstate Highway corridors to have a single route number assigned. As very little of the Interstate Highway System had been constructed in Utah by 1962, these changes were primarily to support future construction. There were a number of cases where the legislative change enacted in 1962 would not be built and signed until years later. Few of the changes made in 1962 are still valid today. As construction of the Interstate Highway system proceeded, additional changes were made. The legislature made a larger <a href="1977%20Utah%20state%20route%20renumbering">change in route designations in 1977</a>, eliminating unsigned legislative and <a href="Concurrency%20%28road%29">concurrences</a> in the process.

Though dozens of changes were required most were to support the following five major changes:




</doc>
<doc id="54789006" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54789006" title="Jugpreet Singh Bajwa">
Jugpreet Singh Bajwa

Jugpreet Singh Bajwa (<a href="Punjabi%20language">Punjabi</a>: ਜਗਪਰੀਤ ਸਿੰਘ ਬਾਜਵਾ) commonly known as Juggy Jag is a <a href="Classical%20music">Classical</a> and <a href="Folk%20singer">Folk singer</a> in several languages, and has won many National & International Awards. He is known for his performances in 'Bollywood Ek Tara Competition' (Vancouver, 2008) and 'Sa Re Ga Ma Pa' (Mumbai, 2016) -- Actor <a href="Salman%20Khan">Salman Khan</a> praised Jugpreet's performance .
He was also awarded 'Diamond Jubilee Medal' by Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II . Jugpreet also won the RED FM Idol 2010 Award.
He was Runners-up in Canadian Desi Idol at Toronto in 2009, and in BC Junior Talent Competition. ‘Darpan’ magazine included Jugpreet amongst the ‘Newsmakers of 2016’.
‘Mid-Day’ newspaper wrote that Jugpreet Singh Bajwa lost his eyesight from retinoblastoma eye cancer when he was just six months old . 

Jugpreet started singing on stage, and raised funds for various Charitable Societies & Trusts, e.g.: Sawan Mela, VIBC, Ismaili Walk A Thon, Surrey Fusion Festival, Festival of India, RBC DesiFest, Fiji Festival, Jamaican Festival, CFOFO, Cops for Cancer, BC Children Hospital, Post-Graduate Medical Institute & Hospital (Chandigarh), CNIB, Surrey Fusion Festival, etc -- more than 500 performances.
‘Desi Today’ magazine says that Jugpreet has been interviewed on several TV Channels, viz. Jus TV, Omni TV, Shaw TV, Delta TV, Sony TV, CKNW etc . 

Music Albums.
Jugpreet recorded his first song, as a playback singer, for the <a href="Bollywood">Bollywood</a> film that is being co-produced by <a href="Juhi%20Chawla">Juhi Chawla</a>. He has already released three music albums ‘Juggy de Nakhare’, ‘Gurbani Shabad Kirtan’ and ‘Dil Vich’..


</doc>
<doc id="54789036" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54789036" title="List of Bellator MMA alumni">
List of Bellator MMA alumni

This is a list of former employees of the professional mixed martial arts promotion <a href="Bellator%20MMA">Bellator MMA</a> (previously known as Bellator Fighting Championship). The fighters are listed in order by weight class.




</doc>
<doc id="54789086" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54789086" title="Tawonga South">
Tawonga South

Tawonga South is a locality in north east <a href="Victoria%20%28Australia%29">Victoria</a>, Australia. The locality is in the <a href="Alpine%20Shire">Alpine Shire</a> local government area, north east of the state capital, <a href="Melbourne">Melbourne</a>. 
At the , Tawonga South had a population of 862.


</doc>
<doc id="54789089" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54789089" title="Kunitori Monogatari">
Kunitori Monogatari

Story.
Kunitori Monogatari deals with the Sengoku period. Based on <a href="Ry%C5%8Dtar%C5%8D%20Shiba">Ryōtarō Shiba</a>`s novel by the same title.


Cast.
Starring role


</doc>
<doc id="54789146" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54789146" title="Upper Gundowring">
Upper Gundowring

Upper Gundowring is a locality in north east <a href="Victoria%20%28Australia%29">Victoria</a>, Australia. The locality is in the <a href="Alpine%20Shire">Alpine Shire</a> local government area, north east of the state capital, <a href="Melbourne">Melbourne</a>. 
At the , Upper Gundowring had a population of 99.


</doc>
<doc id="54789164" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54789164" title="Wood Springs, Arizona">
Wood Springs, Arizona

Wood Springs is a <a href="Unincorporated%20area">populated place</a> situated in <a href="Apache%20County%2C%20Arizona">Apache County</a>, Arizona. It has an estimated elevation of above sea level.


</doc>
<doc id="54789235" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54789235" title="Smoko, Victoria">
Smoko, Victoria

Smoko is a locality in north east <a href="Victoria%20%28Australia%29">Victoria</a>, Australia. The locality is in the <a href="Alpine%20Shire">Alpine Shire</a> local government area, north east of the state capital, <a href="Melbourne">Melbourne</a>. 
At the , Smoko had a population of 46.


</doc>
<doc id="54789243" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54789243" title="Nagorno Karabakh Defense Army Liberation Day Parades">
Nagorno Karabakh Defense Army Liberation Day Parades

The Nagorno Karabakh Defense Army Liberation Day Parade is the largest that marks the <a href="Liberation%20of%20Shushi">Liberation of Shushi</a>, the <a href="Victory%20Day%20%289%20May%29">Victory in the Great Patriotic War</a>, and the founding of the <a href="Nagorno-Karabakh%20Defense%20Army">Nagorno-Karabakh Defense Army</a>. The parade takes place every 5 years on May 9 on <a href="Renaissance%20Square%2C%20Stepanakert">Renaissance Square</a>. The parade showcases Nagorno Karabakh's defence capability.


See Also.
<a href="Nagorno-Karabakh%20Defense%20Army">Nagorno-Karabakh Defense Army</a>


</doc>
<doc id="54789264" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54789264" title="Pat Baldwin (basketball)">
Pat Baldwin (basketball)

Patrick Baldwin is an American <a href="college%20basketball">college basketball</a> coach who is the head coach of the <a href="Milwaukee%20Panthers">Milwaukee Panthers</a> basketball team.


</doc>
<doc id="54789290" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54789290" title="Gapsted">
Gapsted

Gapsted is a locality in north east <a href="Victoria%20%28Australia%29">Victoria</a>, Australia. The locality is in the <a href="Alpine%20Shire">Alpine Shire</a> local government area, north east of the state capital, <a href="Melbourne">Melbourne</a>. 
At the , Gapsted had a population of 173.


</doc>
<doc id="54789318" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54789318" title="Renan Ozturk">
Renan Ozturk

Renan Ozturk (born April 7, 1980) is a German-born, <a href="United%20States">American</a> <a href="rock%20climbing">rock climber</a>, <a href="free%20solo%20climbing">free soloist</a>, <a href="mountaineering">mountaineer</a>, and visual artist, best known for his first ascent of the Shark's Fin route on <a href="Meru%20Peak">Meru Peak</a> in the <a href="Himalaya">Himalaya</a> with <a href="Jimmy%20Chin">Jimmy Chin</a> and <a href="Conrad%20Anker">Conrad Anker</a> in 2011. The successful 2011 ascent of the Shark's Fin on Meru and a prior attempt in 2008 were detailed in the 2015 documentary film "<a href="Meru%20%28film%29">Meru</a>" 




</doc>
<doc id="54789322" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54789322" title="Walter Schnaubelt">
Walter Schnaubelt

Walter David Schnaubelt (born 4 October 1966) in Rabaul, East New Britain of <a href="New%20Ireland">New Ireland</a>, Chinese and Austrian parentage is the Member of Parliament for the Namatanai Open Electorate in the <a href="New%20Ireland%20Province">New Ireland Province</a> of Papua New Guinea. He is a member and current National President of the <a href="National%20Alliance%20Party%20%28Papua%20New%20Guinea%29">National Alliance Party</a>. He defeated his first cousin <a href="Byron%20Chan">Byron Chan</a> by a landslide victory collecting 20,479 votes to Byron's 12,804 to claim the Namatanai Open Seat.

References.
 


</doc>
<doc id="54789324" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54789324" title="Wood Springs">
Wood Springs

Wood Springs may refer to:



</doc>
<doc id="54789352" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54789352" title="Woodside Store">
Woodside Store

The Woodside Store also called Tripp Store, sits at 3300 Tripp Road at Kings Mountain Road, <a href="Woodside%2C%20California">Woodside</a>, <a href="San%20Mateo%20County%2C%20California">San Mateo County</a>, <a href="California">California</a>. This building listed on the <a href="National%20Register%20of%20Historic%20Places%20listings%20in%20San%20Mateo%20County%2C%20California">National Register of Historic Places in San Mateo County</a> since 1985 and is listed as a <a href="California%20Historical%20Landmarks%20in%20San%20Mateo%20County%2C%20California">California Historical Landmarks in San Mateo County</a>. It was preserved through the efforts of the San Mateo Historical Association in the 1940s. After being taken under the wing of the Association in 1979, it was subject to a substantial restoration during the mid-1980s and completed by 1994.

History.
The Woodside Store was constructed in 1854 by two early pioneers named Robert Orville Tripp and Mathias Parkhurst. Tripp was a dentist from Massachusetts that came to California during the Gold Rush. This redwood emporium sat in the middle of the San Francisco Peninsula's lumbering district; it was, for a time, the only general store and <a href="stagecoach">stagecoach</a> stop between San Francisco and Santa Clara. The store sold everything from food to construction supplies and also served as a post office, bank, saloon and dentist office. The store was operated by Tripp until his death in 1909, at the age of 93.

Legend has it that Tripp had a very large dog that would follow him and they are photographed together. It has been rumored that there is a ghost of his dog, haunting the Woodside Store.

Museum.
Tours of the museum are arranged through the Woodside Store School Program and non-school groups can call the museum to schedule a tour. 

The museum of the Woodside Store, has been restored to its 1880s appearance, and you can see the types of goods available in that time period – "from canned fruit and frying pans to nails and sewing machines."



</doc>
<doc id="54789370" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54789370" title="Bogong, Victoria">
Bogong, Victoria

Bogong is a locality in north east <a href="Victoria%20%28Australia%29">Victoria</a>, Australia. The locality is in the <a href="Alpine%20Shire">Alpine Shire</a> local government area, north east of the state capital, <a href="Melbourne">Melbourne</a>. 
At the , Bogong had a population of 5.


</doc>
<doc id="54789395" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54789395" title="Grundtvig House">
Grundtvig House

The Grundtvig House (<a href="Fanish%20language">Danish</a>: Grundtvigs Hus) is a complex of historic buildings at Torvestræde 7 in <a href="Pr%C3%A6st%C3%B8">Præstø</a>, <a href="Vordingborg%20Municipality">Vordingborg Municipality</a>, <a href="Denmark">Denmark</a>. It takes its name after <a href="N.%20F.%20S.%20Grundtvig">N. F. S. Grundtvig</a> but he only lived in it for a one and a half years while he served pastor at Præstø Church in the early 1920s. It was listed on the Danish registry of protected buildings and places by the <a href="Danish%20Heritage%20Agency">Danish Heritage Agency</a> on 1 March 1982.

History.
The house was built for the baker Frantz Dems in 1820-1821. It reused some of the timber framing from the previous building at the site.

<a href="N.%20F.%20S.%20Grundtvig">N. F. S. Grundtvig</a> rented an apartment in the building when he became pator at Præstø Church in Jun e1821. Hrundtvig returned to Copenhagen in December 1822 to assume a position as pastor at <a href="Church%20of%20Our%20Saviour%2C%20Copenhagen">Church of Our Saciour</a> on <a href="Christianshavn">Christianshavn</a>. He initially lived in a now demolished building at <a href="Torvegade">Torvegade</a> 25 on <a href="Christianshavn">Christianshavn</a>. Grundtvig was later elected for <a href="Rigsdagen">Rigsdagen</a> in the <a href="electoral%20district">electoral district</a> og Præstø in 1849.

A later owner, Niels Hansen, who was a master builder, expanded the building northwards with two bays in 1856. He also constructed a new side wing in 1862 from where he operated a brewery.

Architecture.
The Grundtvig House is a long one-storey brick building with yellow rendering on a black-painted plinth. It has a three-bay wall dormer aboive the centrally placed, arched gateway that opens to the courtyard. The side wing from 1862 is built with timber framing on a black-painted brick plinth.



</doc>
<doc id="54789415" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54789415" title="Big Meat Eater">
Big Meat Eater

Big Meat Eater is a <a href="Canada">Canadian</a> comedy science fiction film, released in 1982.

Directed by Chris Windsor, the film centres on Bob (George Dawson), a butcher shop owner in <a href="Burquitlam%2C%20British%20Columbia">Burquitlam</a>, <a href="British%20Columbia">British Columbia</a>. His new employee Abdullah (<a href="Clarence%20Horatius%20Miller">Clarence Miller</a>) has murdered the mayor and stashed the body in Bob's freezer; meanwhile, unbeknownst to him, his shop is also a trove of "balonium", a rare radioactive fuel desired by a pair of space aliens who reanimate the mayor's body to help them harvest it.

<a href="Jay%20Scott">Jay Scott</a> of "<a href="The%20Globe%20and%20Mail">The Globe and Mail</a>" favourably reviewed the film, calling it an admirable entry in the emerging genre of intentionally bad <a href="cult%20film">cult film</a>s, and a better bad film than the contemporaneous "<a href="Eating%20Raoul">Eating Raoul</a>". Nathaniel Thompson of <a href="Turner%20Classic%20Movies">Turner Classic Movies</a> later wrote that the film "cannily foreshadows the affectionate ribbing and emulation of classic '50s monster movies found in the likes of "<a href="The%20Lost%20Skeleton%20of%20Cadavra">The Lost Skeleton of Cadavra</a>" and "<a href="Ed%20Wood%20%28film%29">Ed Wood</a>"."

At the <a href="4th%20Genie%20Awards">4th Genie Awards</a> in 1983, Windsor and cowriters Laurence Keane and Phil Savath were nominated for <a href="Academy%20of%20Canadian%20Cinema%20and%20Television%20Award%20for%20Best%20Screenplay">Best Original Screenplay</a>.

The filmmakers planned a potential sequel to be titled "Teenage Mounties from Outer Space", but the film was never made. Windsor never had another film credit, while Keane and Savath went on to write and direct the vastly more conventional historical drama film "<a href="Samuel%20Lount%20%28film%29">Samuel Lount</a>" in 1986.


</doc>
<doc id="54789514" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54789514" title="350th Rifle Division (Soviet Union)">
350th Rifle Division (Soviet Union)

The 350th Rifle Division formed in late August, 1941, as a standard <a href="Red%20Army">Red Army</a> rifle division, at <a href="Atkarsk">Atkarsk</a>. It went to the front in November, and served south of Moscow throughout the winter and as late as August, 1942, after which it made a bewildering number of reassignments over the next six months. Badly battered by the German "backhand blow" near Kharkov in February, 1943, the division was pulled back into reserve for rebuilding for several months, then fought the summer campaign under command of 12th Army. In November the 350th was honored for its role in the liberation of <a href="Zhitomir">Zhitomir</a> and received that city's name as an honorific. At this time it was in 1st Guards Army of <a href="1st%20Ukrainian%20Front">1st Ukrainian Front</a>, and it would remain in that Front for the duration of the war. On August 18, 1944, the division received an unusual second honorific for helping to liberate the Polish city of <a href="Sandomierz">Sandomierz</a>. It ended the war with a distinguished record of service, but was disbanded in May, 1946.

Formation.
The division began forming in late August at Atkarsk in the <a href="Volga%20Military%20District">Volga Military District</a>. The exact date is uncertain, but it received its first commanding officer, Col. P.P. Avdeenko, on September 1. Its order of battle was as follows:
As of November 1 the division was still in Volga Military District, but one month later it was in the newly-formed <a href="61st%20Army%20%28Soviet%20Union%29">61st Army</a> in the <a href="Reserve%20of%20the%20Supreme%20High%20Command">Reserve of the Supreme High Command</a>. It went to the fighting front that month when 61st Army was assigned to the re-forming <a href="Bryansk%20Front">Bryansk Front</a>, and it remained in that Army until August, 1942, in either Bryansk or <a href="Western%20Front%20%28Soviet%20Union%29">Western Front</a>. In August it was briefly in the reserves of Western Front, then in September was moved to 1st Reserve Army in the Reserve of the Supreme High Command back in the Volga Military District before returning to the front in November, joining <a href="6th%20Army%20%28Soviet%20Union%29">6th Army</a> of the <a href="Voronezh%20Front">Voronezh Front</a>. The division was assigned to the <a href="15th%20Rifle%20Corps">15th Rifle Corps</a> before 6th Army was shifted to <a href="Southwestern%20Front%20%28Soviet%20Union%29">Southwestern Front</a> in late December.

Third Battle of Kharkov.
In mid-February, 1943, in the wake of their victory at Stalingrad, Red Army forces in the southern sector of the front were advancing with ease while their opponents were trying to get a grip on the situation. The commander of Southwestern Front, <a href="Nikolai%20Vatutin">Gen. N.F. Vatutin</a>, proposed a plan to the "STAVKA" on February 17 that would take his forces all the way to the <a href="Dniepr%20River">Dniepr River</a>: Within 48 hours, Vatutin's optimism had turned to alarm as the German counterstroke began to bite into his forces: Two days later, 15th Corps was doing its best to hold its positions which were under attack by the <a href="1st%20SS%20Panzer%20Division%20Leibstandarte%20SS%20Adolf%20Hitler">1st SS Panzer Division</a>. This proved to be an unequal struggle, and by February 28 the division had been driven northwards into the sector of the <a href="3rd%20Tank%20Army%20%28Soviet%20Union%29">3rd Tank Army</a> south of Kharkov, along with the rest of 15th Corps. By the time the German offensive shut down, the 350th was in tatters. From December, 1942, until March 1, 1943, it had received 6,920 replacements, but on March 17 it had only 2,557 men in the field against an authorized strength of 10,594. Despite this weakness, it remained at the front.

On March 20, Colonel Avdeenko was replaced in command by Maj. Gen. M.I. Glukhov, but he held the post for less than two weeks before being replaced by Col. A.P. Gritzenko. This officer would be promoted to Major General on October 14, and remained in command until August 19, 1943, apart from a brief break in March/April of that year. As of April 1 the division was directly under command of Southwestern Front while it rebuilt, no longer in 15th Corps, and later that month it was reassigned to <a href="12th%20Army%20%28Soviet%20Union%29">12th Army</a> in the same Front. It would remain in this Army until September, briefly in both the <a href="66th%20Rifle%20Corps%20%28Soviet%20Union%29">66th</a> and <a href="67th%20Rifle%20Corps">67th Rifle Corps</a>. On August 20, Major General Gritzenko handed command over to Col. A.N. Korusevich, but that officer was replaced two weeks later by Maj. Gen. G.I. Vekhin. Vekhin would remain in command for the duration of the war and, in fact, until May, 1946.

Advance in Ukraine.
In September, the 350th was once more removed to the Reserve of the Supreme High Command, where it was assigned in October to the <a href="94th%20Rifle%20Corps">94th Rifle Corps</a> in <a href="58th%20Army%20%28Russia%29">58th Army</a>, but that Corps was transferred to <a href="1st%20Guards%20Army%20%28Soviet%20Union%29">1st Guards Army</a> in the first days of November. When the Ukrainian city of <a href="Zhytomyr">Zhitomir</a> was first liberated on November 12, the division was serving in that Army, and was recognized for its efforts with the following citation: 1st Guards Army was in <a href="1st%20Ukrainian%20Front">1st Ukrainian Front</a> at this time, and the division would remain in this Front for the duration.

In January, 1944, the 350th left both 94th Corps and 1st Guards Army to become an independent division in its Front. In February it was briefly assigned to the <a href="102nd%20Rifle%20Corps">102nd Rifle Corps</a>, before being placed in the <a href="24th%20Rifle%20Corps">24th Rifle Corps</a> of <a href="13th%20Army%20%28Soviet%20Union%29">13th Army</a> in March. It would remain in that Army, and in that Corps (with one brief reassignment), until the last weeks of the war. The division received further recognition for its role in the liberation of the Polish city of <a href="Sandomierz">Sandomierz</a> on August 18, 1944, as cited:

Postwar.
In late April, 1945, the division left 24th Corps and 13th Army to again serve as an independent division in 1st Ukrainian Front. The 350th ended the war with the full title of "350th Rifle, Zhitomir-Sandomir, Order of the Red Banner, Order of Bogdan Khimelnitsky Division". [Russian: 350-я стрелковая Житомирско-Сандомирская Краснознамённая ордена Богдана Хмельницкого дивизия.] Postwar, the division briefly remained in southeastern Germany, before moving to <a href="Ovruch">Ovruch</a> in northern Ukraine with <a href="13th%20Army%20%28Soviet%20Union%29">13th Army</a>'s <a href="27th%20Rifle%20Corps">27th Rifle Corps</a>. It was disbanded there in 1946, possibly in May, when Major General Vekhin transferred to command another unit.




</doc>
<doc id="54789533" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54789533" title="Justia">
Justia

Justia is an American website specializing in <a href="legal%20information%20retrieval">legal information retrieval</a>. It was founded in 2003 by Tim Stanley, formerly of <a href="FindLaw">FindLaw</a>, and is one of the largest online databases of legal cases. The company is headquartered in <a href="Mountain%20View%2C%20California">Mountain View, California</a>.

In 2007, the "<a href="New%20York%20Times">New York Times</a>" reported that Justia was spending $10,000 monthly in order to copy documents from the <a href="United%20States%20Supreme%20Court">United States Supreme Court</a> for online publication.



</doc>
<doc id="54789577" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54789577" title="Calvino Noir">
Calvino Noir

Calvino Noir is a <a href="stealth%20game">stealth game</a> developed and published by Calvino Noir, Ltd. It was released on August 25, 2015 for PlayStation 4, August 26, 2015 for Windows and Mac OS X, and August 27, 2015 for iOS.

It received negative reception from critics, who enjoyed its distinctive <a href="film%20noir">film noir</a> art style but criticized its gameplay, such as stealth mechanics and controls.

Gameplay.
The main character is a "scrambler", or spy, who must evade various guards. The player must hide and sneak around to avoid being spotted by enemies or being lit up by their flashlights.

Plot.
The game takes place in 1930s Europe, where the main character delves into the criminal underworld. The game's narrator narrates every written word of the game.

Reception.
The game received negative reception, with an aggregate score of 55/100 for the PC version and 44/100 for the PS4 version.

Tom Christiansen of <a href="Gamezebo">Gamezebo</a> called the game "too difficult" and said that this difficulty was fueled by "inconsistency" where sometimes hiding spots would not work.

Natalie Collazo of "<a href="Hardcore%20Gamer">Hardcore Gamer</a>" said that while the game was "visually beautiful", its stealth mechanics "[don't] really work" and are "frustrating".

Megan Logan of "<a href="Wired%20%28magazine%29">Wired</a>" commended the game's art style, calling it "stunning". Ben Barrett of "<a href="Rock%2C%20Paper%2C%20Shotgun">Rock, Paper, Shotgun</a>" also said that the art "oozes class".


</doc>
<doc id="54789584" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54789584" title="Mohamed Rouane">
Mohamed Rouane

Mohamed Rouane (born at <a href="Belouizdad%2C%20Algiers">Belouizdad, Algiers</a> in 1968) is an Algerian musician and recording artist, well known in his own country for his performances of flamenco and "Casbah-style jazz" and especially for his use of the <a href="mondol">mondol</a>.

Beyond the business of being a musician, he is a creative force in Algeria, and his mondol playing credited with raising Algerian music to "higher spheres" in world music. In a feature article, Aljazeera called him an  artist with the ability and mastery to be brilliant, able to render the mondol into a respectable instrument. He calls his style of music Casbah Jazz, and fuses jazz with Algerian musical forms to create something new. He has been  popular enough to be a repeat instructor and performer at Algerian music festivals. He is also known as a teacher and guest performer at musical festivals in Algeria and Europe, performing not only in nearby Netherlands and France, but as far away as Poland.

His music has been described as a fusion of <a href="chaabi">chaabi</a> with jazz, performed on a <a href="Algerian%20mandole">Algerian mandole</a>. He has made it his personal mission to change the reputation of the mondol, from an instrument that he couldn't carry in public on the street because of its low reputation to one known on the world stage as an Algerian instrument, one capable of transmitting both Western and Arab feelings.  He was inspired by the music of <a href="Sheikh">Sheikh</a> <a href="El%20Hadj%20M%27Hamed%20El%20Anka">M'Hamed El Anka</a> (the "Master of Chaabi", to whom he dedicated his music) and his mondol playing, and Rouan looks to Chaabi to be part of the soul of his own music.

History.
Rouane attended the Municipal Conservatory of <a href="Ghermoul">Ghermoul</a> in 1992, but gravitated away from <a href="Andalusian%20classical%20music">Andalusian classical music</a> toward flamenco.
In 1992 he started the group Triana Algiers, which lasted a few months. He worked at a hotel in Tunisia as an instrumentalist for three years. In 1995 he started another group, Méditerranéo, in Algiers, playing gypsy-style flamenco on guitar. He had good success with the group and recorded two albums with them. He developed a reputation as being a good singer a well.

He left Méditerranéo in 2000, starting a solo career. Much of this work is performing instrumentals on his mandole, an effort to increase knowledge of the instrument internationally. His Casbah Jazz records feature his playing lead on a of mix of tunes, fusing melodies and rhythms from jazz, chaâbi, tindi (<a href="Tuareg">Tuareg</a> music form), andalusian, flamenco, berouali, karkabo and kabyle.

Common to all his later music is his use of the mandole as a lead instrument. Much of the music he does are instrumentals. Rouane has said repeatedly that his use of the mandole for his music is a tribute to the Chaabi musician El Anka, the musician who helped develop the instrument as it is used today in Algeria. Although Rouane blends different musical forms with jazz, he draws the "soul" of his works from Chaabi for inspiration.

When his first album came out, He was disappointed to hear it called a work of tourism. His second album was different. It was a part of his "project in spiritual music," in which the story told by his mondol is reflective, moving toward "spiritual purity."

His last album was published in 2008. In March 2017 he announced in an interview that he was working on a new album. During the music festival at <a href="Djemila">Djemila</a> (13th Arab Festival of Djemila) in the summer of 2017, he was reunited on stage with <a href="Selma%20Kouiret">Selma Kouiret</a>, a singer from his trio Méditerranéo. The two also performed together in Algiers in July 2017, her singing and him accompanying with his instrument.





</doc>
<doc id="54789595" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54789595" title="The Independent (Austin, Texas)">
The Independent (Austin, Texas)

The Independent is an under construction residential skyscraper in <a href="Austin">Austin</a>, <a href="Texas">Texas</a>. At a height of , it will be the tallest building in the city once completed. The building was proposed in 2014, began construction in 2016, and is slated for completion in 2019. It contains 58 floors, 370 apartments, and is nicknamed the "Jenga Tower". The 9th floor will contain amenities such as a heated pool, club room, playground, and dog park, while the 34th floor will contain a fitness center, yoga deck, and an outdoor lounge. 



</doc>
<doc id="54789624" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54789624" title="Woodspring Trading Post, Arizona">
Woodspring Trading Post, Arizona

Woodspring Trading Post, Arizona is a <a href="Unincorporated%20area">populated place</a> situated in <a href="Apache%20County%2C%20Arizona">Apache County</a>, Arizona. It has an estimated elevation of above sea level.


</doc>
<doc id="54789698" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54789698" title="List of individual bovines">
List of individual bovines

This is a list of individual bovines by name. This list includes buffalo, cattle, bulls, cows and calves. 





</doc>
<doc id="54789701" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54789701" title="Meyer v. Holley">
Meyer v. Holley

Meyer v. Holley, 537 U.S. 280 (2003), was a case in which the <a href="Supreme%20Court%20of%20the%20United%20States">Supreme Court of the United States</a> held that the <a href="Fair%20Housing%20Act">Fair Housing Act</a> imposes strict liability on residential real estate corporations for racial discrimination, but the officers and owners of the corporation generally will not be held <a href="vicarious%20liability">vicariously liable</a> for offenses committed by the corporation's employees of agents. In a unanimous opinion written by <a href="Associate%20Justice%20of%20the%20United%20States%20Supreme%20Court">Justice</a> <a href="Stephen%20Breyer">Stephen Breyer</a>, the Court held that the Fair Housing Act "imposes liability without fault upon the employer in accordance with <a href="law%20of%20agency">traditional agency principles</a>, i. e., it normally imposes vicarious liability upon the corporation but not upon its officers or owners."



</doc>
<doc id="54789809" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54789809" title="1935–36 Cypriot Cup">
1935–36 Cypriot Cup

The 1935–36 Cypriot Cup was the 2nd edition of the Cypriot Cup. A total of 8 clubs entered the competition. It began on 13 October 1935 with the quarterfinals and concluded on 3 November 1935 with the replay final which was held at GSP Stadium. Enosis Neon Trust won their 2nd Cypriot Cup trophy after beating <a href="%C3%87etinkaya%20T%C3%BCrk%20S.K.">Lefkoşa Türk Spor Kulübü</a> 1–0 in the final.

Format.
In the 1935–36 Cypriot Cup, participated all the teams of the Cypriot First Division.

The competition consisted of three knock-out rounds. In all rounds each tie was played as a single leg and was held at the home ground of the one of the two teams, according to the draw results. Each tie winner was qualifying to the next round. If a match was drawn, extra time was following. If extra time was drawn, there was a replay match.



</doc>
<doc id="54789913" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54789913" title="Marie Lachenal">
Marie Lachenal

Marie Lachenal (1848-1937) was an English <a href="concertina">concertina</a> performer of <a href="classical%20music">classical music</a>.

Lachenal was one of three daughters and their father was Louis Lachenal, who owned a concertina manufacturing company. She promoted the company's concertinas by performing with them. In 1868, she married the photographer Edwin A. Debenham. They had nine children, but only eight of them survived infancy. The three Lachanel sisters performed together from 1865 to 1866 and their performances received high acclaim, with Marie able to receive praise from the press by herself.


</doc>
<doc id="54789944" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54789944" title="Wood Trap, Arizona">
Wood Trap, Arizona

Wood Trap is a <a href="Unincorporated%20area">populated place</a> situated in <a href="Yavapai%20County%2C%20Arizona">Yavapai County</a>, Arizona. It has an estimated elevation of above sea level.


</doc>
<doc id="54790056" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54790056" title="Den Borgerlige Velgørenheds Stiftelse">
Den Borgerlige Velgørenheds Stiftelse

Den Borgerlige Velgørenheds Stiftelse (<a href="literal%20translation">lit.</a> "The Hoise of Civic Charity") is a historic building in <a href="Pr%C3%A6st%C3%B8">Præstø</a>, <a href="Vordingborg%20Municipality">Vordingborg Municipality</a>, <a href="Denmark">Denmark</a>. Built in 1869 to provide accommodation for elderly widows of the middle class, it was listed on the Danish registry of protected buildings and places by the <a href="Danish%20Heritage%20Agency">Danish Heritage Agency</a> on 8 January 1982.

History.
Den Borgerlige Velgørenhedsselskab (The Society of Civic Charity) was founded in Præstø on 7 May 1852 with the aim of providing homes and economic support for elderly, respectable widows of the middle class. The site was donated for the project by the town of Præstø and the building was completed in 1869. The building contained eight small apartments. Residents had to be at least 50 years old widows and it was also a requirement that either they or their husband had been members of the society and paid made at least the smallest required annual contribution. In 1899, each resident received an annual sum of <a href="Danish%20krone">DKK</a> 50 as well as a portion of firewood. The society sold the building to Præstø Municipality in the mid-1980s. It changed hands again in 2009 and was subsequently refurbished.

Today.
The building now contains six apartments.


</doc>
<doc id="54790165" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54790165" title="John J. Moncrieff">
John J. Moncrieff

John James Moncrieff (October 9, 1866 – April 11, 1939) was a Scottish-born Canadian journalist, singer and <a href="conductor%20%28music%29">conductor</a>.

The son of Lawrence Moncrieff, he was born in <a href="Scalloway">Scalloway</a> in the <a href="Shetland%20Islands">Shetland Islands</a> and came to <a href="Rural%20Municipality%20of%20St.%20Andrews">St. Andrews</a> in the <a href="Red%20River%20Colony">Red River Colony</a> with his family in 1875. He was educated in <a href="Winnipeg">Winnipeg</a> and began working as a clerk for the <a href="Hudson%27s%20Bay%20Company">Hudson's Bay Company</a>. In 1883, he apprenticed with a printer at Rat Portage (later <a href="Kenora%2C%20Ontario">Kenora, Ontario</a>). Moncrieff was the first news editor for the "<a href="Winnipeg%20Tribune">Winnipeg Tribune</a>"; he was managing editor from 1903 to 1920 and associate editor from 1920 to 1936.

From 1906 to 1925, he was soloist and choirmaster at Augustine Church. In 1907, he became the first president of the Winnipeg Oratorio Society, also serving as conductor. He also was a founder of the Men's Music Club of Winnipeg.

He married May Blyth in 1888 and then Minnie Blyth in 1896. His daughter <a href="Anna%20Moncrieff">Anna</a> was a well-known Winnipeg pianist.

Moncrieff died in Winnipeg at the age of 72.


</doc>
<doc id="54790207" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54790207" title="Capitán Salazar">
Capitán Salazar

Capitán Armando Salazar is a fictional character in the "<a href="Pirates%20of%20the%20Caribbean%20%28film%20series%29">Pirates of the Caribbean</a>" film series, portrayed by <a href="Javier%20Bardem">Javier Bardem</a>. He appears in fifth film, "". Hailing from <a href="Spain">Spain</a>, he is the ruthless Captain of Silent Mary and its undead crew. <a href="Moving%20Picture%20Company">Moving Picture Company</a> handled the digital aspects of Salazar and his crew's look, while Odd Studios was responsible for the strenuous 3-hour makeup process. Bardem's performance as Salazar has been praised by critics.



</doc>
<doc id="54790270" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54790270" title="Wymola, Arizona">
Wymola, Arizona

Wymola is a <a href="Unincorporated%20area">populated place</a> situated in <a href="Pinal%20County%2C%20Arizona">Pinal County</a>, Arizona. It has an estimated elevation of above sea level.


</doc>
<doc id="54790317" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54790317" title="Giwa barracks">
Giwa barracks

Giwa barracks is a military <a href="Prison">detention center</a> located in northeastern <a href="Nigeria">Nigeria</a>, near the city of <a href="Maiduguri">Maiduguri</a>. Since 2014, the facility has been attacked multiple times by <a href="Boko%20Haram">Boko Haram</a>, as prisoners in the facility are mostly confirmed or suspected members of <a href="Boko%20Haram">Boko Haram</a> and their families. In 2016, the prison held an estimated 1,200 prisoners. Human rights groups such as <a href="Amnesty%20International">Amnesty International</a> have alleged that the <a href="Nigerian%20Armed%20Forces">Nigerian military</a> mistreat and torture prisoners, as well as running the facility "inhumanely".

History.
In 2014, Amnesty International reported that 600 people had been killed after Boko Haram raided and briefly overran Giwa barracks. Most of those who were killed were prisoners who had been recaptured and executed by the military.

In 2015, Giwa barracks was attacked by Boko Haram three times in January, February and May, and bombed once in March.

In May 2016, Amnesty International reported that between January and April 2016, at least 149 detainees had died from hunger and/or mistreatment. This has been denied by the Nigerian government and the military.


</doc>
<doc id="54790413" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54790413" title="Hurricane Franklin">
Hurricane Franklin

Hurricane Franklin was the first hurricane to make landfall in the <a href="Mexico">Mexican</a> <a href="states%20of%20Mexico">state</a> of <a href="Veracruz">Veracruz</a> since <a href="Hurricane%20Karl">Hurricane Karl</a> in 2010. The sixth <a href="tropical%20cyclone%20naming">named storm</a> and first <a href="hurricane">hurricane</a> of the <a href="2017%20Atlantic%20hurricane%20season">2017 Atlantic hurricane season</a>, Franklin formed on August 7 out of a <a href="tropical%20wave">tropical wave</a> that was first tracked in the southeastern Caribbean Sea on August 3. The storm strengthened within a favorable environment and made <a href="landfall">landfall</a> on the <a href="Yucat%C3%A1n%20Peninsula">Yucatán Peninsula</a> as a moderate tropical storm early on August 8 north of <a href="Belize">Belize</a>. Weakening occurred as it crossed the peninsula, but Franklin re-emerged into the <a href="Bay%20of%20Campeche">Bay of Campeche</a> later that day, restrengthening quickly to become the season's first hurricane. It made landfall near <a href="Vega%20de%20Alatorre">Lechuguillas, Veracruz</a>, on August 10 as a Category 1 hurricane, before rapidly weakening over the mountainous terrain of Mexico and dissipating shortly afterwards. On August 12, the storm's remnants combined with a developing low in the Eastern Pacific to form <a href="2017%20Pacific%20hurricane%20season%23Tropical%20Storm%20Jova">Tropical Storm Jova</a>.

Meteorological history.
On August 3, the <a href="National%20Hurricane%20Center">National Hurricane Center</a> (NHC) began monitoring a <a href="tropical%20wave">tropical wave</a> that was located in the southeastern <a href="Caribbean%20Sea">Caribbean Sea</a> for possible <a href="tropical%20cyclogenesis">tropical cyclogenesis</a>. Relatively little change in organization occurred over the next two to three days as it moved westward at , although global models continued to indicate that it could develop further once it got to the <a href="Bay%20of%20Campeche">Bay of Campeche</a>. Early on August 5, convection associated with the wave increased, signaling organization. Continued improvement of the wave led to development of a broad area of <a href="low%20pressure%20system">low pressure</a> on August 6 roughly east of <a href="Honduras">Honduras</a>, which led to the designation of Potential Tropical Cyclone Seven at 21:00 UTC that day. A <a href="buoy">buoy</a> over the western Caribbean near the disturbance reported sustained gale-force winds, and combined with satellite images indicating that the circulation had become better defined, indicated that the disturbance became Tropical Storm Franklin at 03:00 UTC on August 7. 

Located in a relatively favorable environment, with the only inhibiting factor being proximity to land, Franklin strengthened to an initial peak intensity of 60 mph (95 km/h) on August 7 before moving ashore near <a href="Oth%C3%B3n%20P.%20Blanco%2C%20Quintana%20Roo">Pulticub</a>, <a href="Quintana%20Roo">Quintana Roo</a>, at 03:00 UTC on August 8. The cyclone weakened considerably while over the peninsula, however the satellite presentation remained well-defined, and the inner core tightened up considerably. Later that day, Franklin emerged into the Bay of Campeche and immediately began strengthening again, becoming a hurricane at 21:00 UTC on August 9. It achieved its peak intensity at 00:00 UTC on August 10 with winds of 85 mph (140 km/h) and a pressure of , shortly before making landfall in <a href="Vega%20de%20Alatorre">Lechuguillas, Mexico</a> five hours later. This made it the first hurricane to strike the Veracruz region since <a href="Hurricane%20Karl">Karl</a> in 2010. The cyclone rapidly weakened over the mountainous terrain of Mexico and dissipated shortly afterwards. The mid-level circulation of Franklin, however, remained intact as it traversed the mountainous terrain, and the remnants eventually regenerated into <a href="2017%20Pacific%20hurricane%20season%23Tropical%20Storm%20Jova">Tropical Storm Jova</a> in the Eastern Pacific early on August 12.

Preparations and impact.
Mexico.
Yucatán Peninsula.
Immediately upon classification of Franklin as a potential tropical cyclone, <a href="tropical%20storm%20warning">tropical storm warning</a>s were issued for much of the eastern side of the Yucatán Peninsula on August 6; a small portion of the coastline was issued a hurricane watch with the possibility of Franklin nearing hurricane intensity as it approached the coastline the next night. Approximately 330 people were reported to have gone into storm shelters, and around 2,200 relocated from the islands near the coastline to farther inland in advance of the storm. In Belize, damage was reported to be minimal as the storm tracked slightly more northwards than expected, lessening impacts. However, some areas still received up to a foot of rain.

Eastern Mexico.
As Franklin approached the state of Veracruz, schools were shut down. Throughout the state, many trees were downed, isolated power outages were reported, and homes were damaged. Banana plantations, an invaluable source of income for local residents, were also impacted and some reported total losses. Some rivers were flooded, roads were cut off, and a few landslides were reported. A total of 1,562 people evacuated their homes in <a href="Huauchinango">Huauchinango</a>, located in the state of Puebla. Shelters were prepared while sailors and soldiers performed evacuations throughout mountainous regions as a precautionary measure.

United States.
Although rains from the outer bands of Franklin did not impact the <a href="United%20States">United States</a>, swells and rip currents were experienced across part of the coast of <a href="South%20Texas">South Texas</a>. The National Weather Service in <a href="Brownsville%2C%20Texas">Brownsville, Texas</a>, issued a high surf advisory through the night of August 10.




</doc>
<doc id="54790466" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54790466" title="Sacred Rock (Presque Isle County)">
Sacred Rock (Presque Isle County)

Sacred Rock is an Engadine-dolomite boulder, now 20 feet long by 8 feet wide and 6 feet high, on the shore of <a href="Lake%20Huron">Lake Huron</a> in <a href="Northern%20Michigan">Northern Lower Michigan</a>. It is located 6 miles north of <a href="Rogers%20City%2C%20Michigan">Rogers City, Michigan</a>, approximately 0.5 miles north of <a href="Hoeft%20State%20Park">P.H. Hoeft State Park</a> (GPS Coordinates 45.47528, -83.89639). Located in front of private cottages, the best way to reach the site is by turning east off of <a href="U.S.%20Route%2023">U.S. 23</a> onto State Park Road (just north of the state park) and parking where the road ends at the lake, then walking 1/2 mile north along the beach to the rock. Usually the rock is found partly buried in the sand, but when water levels are at their highest levels the rock can be partly or fully submerged in the lake.

History.
<a href="Presque%20Isle%20County%2C%20Michigan">Presque Isle County</a> was inhabited by migratory <a href="Native%20Americans%20in%20the%20United%20States">Native Americans</a> who used the area for hunting and fishing. The rock is located midway between the <a href="Ocqueoc%20River">Ocqueoc River</a> and <a href="Swan%20River%20%28Michigan%29">Swan River</a>, and served as a key boundary marker for competing tribes, as well as an altar for animal sacrifices. It was probably deposited by the last receding glaciers which formed the <a href="Great%20Lakes">Great Lakes</a>, and likely originated from the <a href="Lake%20Superior">Lake Superior</a> region of <a href="Canada">Canada</a>. The rock is now a recognized tourism site, and listed as a historic & archaeological site by the Northeast Michigan Regional Planning Commission.

Folklore.
Frederick Denny Larke wrote the following in 1909: ""The history of the Sacred Rock is this: Ages ago, where the rock now stands, was the boundary line between the hunting grounds of two Indian tribes; the chief of the one was exceedingly aggressive and frequently trespassed upon the preserves of the neighboring tribe, and, in so doing, had caused much trouble and bloodshed to follow these excursions. At last the chiefs of the two tribes met, when the one as usual was trespassing over the border, and an altercation ensued which would probably have again resulted in a bloody war between the conflicting tribes, but Kitchie Manitou, the Great Spirit, who was up <a href="Lake_Superior">Lake Superior</a> at the time, became disgusted with both of them, seized hold of the Sacred Rock and hurled it down, crushing both the chiefs beneath its immense weight, which was so great, that the banks above the beach have been sliding and trembling ever since. Hence the Rock became an object of worship to the Indian races.""

Others say that when it rains, the blood from the dead Indian chiefs can be seen on the rock.


</doc>
<doc id="54790509" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54790509" title="Clare Coulter">
Clare Coulter

Clare Coulter (born 1942) is a <a href="Canada">Canadian</a> actress. Although she has appeared in film, television and stage roles, she is most highly regarded for her stage work. Her noted stage roles have included Eleanor in the original production of <a href="George%20F.%20Walker">George F. Walker</a>'s "<a href="Love%20and%20Anger%20%28play%29">Love and Anger</a>", the first English-language production of <a href="Michel%20Tremblay">Michel Tremblay</a>'s "<a href="Albertine%20in%20Five%20Times">Albertine in Five Times</a>", and a 2013 <a href="Harbourfront%20Centre">Harbourfront Centre</a> production of "<a href="King%20Lear">King Lear</a>" in which she became one of relatively few women to have portrayed the title role.

In film, she was a <a href="Genie%20Award">Genie Award</a> nominee for <a href="Academy%20of%20Canadian%20Cinema%20and%20Television%20Award%20for%20Best%20Performance%20by%20an%20Actress%20in%20a%20Supporting%20Role">Best Supporting Actress</a> at the <a href="4th%20Genie%20Awards">4th Genie Awards</a> in 1983 for "<a href="By%20Design">By Design</a>". She also appeared in the films "<a href="The%20Wars%20%28film%29">The Wars</a>", "<a href="When%20Night%20Is%20Falling">When Night Is Falling</a>", "<a href="The%20Five%20Senses%20%28film%29">The Five Senses</a>", "<a href="Saint%20Monica%20%28film%29">Saint Monica</a>" and "<a href="Away%20from%20Her">Away from Her</a>", and in the television series "<a href="The%20Newsroom%20%28Canadian%20TV%20series%29">The Newsroom</a>", "<a href="The%20Worst%20Witch%20%281998%20TV%20series%29">The Worst Witch</a>", "<a href="This%20Is%20Wonderland">This Is Wonderland</a>" and "<a href="Living%20in%20Your%20Car">Living in Your Car</a>".


</doc>
<doc id="54790539" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54790539" title="Kingdom of Wala">
Kingdom of Wala

The Kingdom of Wala was a polity in what is today Ghana based around <a href="Wa%2C%20Ghana">Wa</a>. According to some traditions it had an imam as early as 1317.

As of the early 1890s, Wala was largely west of the <a href="Kulpawn%20River">Kulpawn River</a>. Its eastern boundary was the <a href="Black%20Volta">Black Volta</a>. The north-east corner of the territory was at <a href="Dasima%2C%20Ghana">Dasima</a>, and the south-west corner was at <a href="Tantama">Tantama</a>.

In 1894, a rebellion occurred in the northern part of the Kingdom of Wala, and this area separated off into an independent kingdom.



</doc>
<doc id="54790546" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54790546" title="Laurus International School of Science Tokyo">
Laurus International School of Science Tokyo

Laurus International School of Science is a co-ed pre-school, kindergarten and <a href="international%20school">international school</a> based in Tokyo. Laurus takes students from Japan and the international community in the Tokyo area. The headquarters are based in Shirokanedai. Laurus follows the Cambridge International curriculum and science, art, music and PE.
History.
Laurus International opened its first school in 2002 (as Bilinga ) to provide instruction in English from pre-school to Kindergarten (K3). The school was initially created to offer a more global choice of education than available through the national education system in Japan, often seen as lecture based and less than progressive. <a href="Education_in_Japan%23International_education">Wikipedia Education in Japan</a> 
The school places emphasis on science as a means to encourage students to inquire about the world around them. 

Pre-school through to kindergarten.
Bilinga then changed its name to Laurus International School of Science and as of August 2017 was Tokyo's largest Pre-School / Kindergarten group with eight schools in the Tokyo area. 
In 2016 Laurus became a member of TAIP (Tokyo Association of Preschools ) 

Elementary school.
Mr and Ms. Hioki opened the elementary school (now Laurus International School of Science ) in 2015 and now accepts students from its own K–3 classes and schools as well as other schools both in Japan and abroad. 
Laurus International School Tokyo's first, STEM school.. The school is currently seeking accreditation through Cambridge International Examinations which accredits over 10 000 schools in 160 countries.
The school includes programming and ICT classes which complements the core Cambridge curriculum. Computer and keyboard skills form a part of the ICT basis. Some of the curriculum utilizes paid and free software - for example typing.com to assist with computer literacy. 

Locations.
Laurus International School has 6 main schools in its Shirokanedai, Den-enchofu, Takanawa, Aoyama, Musashikosugi and Musashishinjo locations - mostly in the Tokyo Metropolitan area, with 2 smaller schools in Nishimagome and Kugahara. 

Curriculum.
Laurus International School uses a combination of well established English language text books, its own curriculum developed in-house and the Cambridge International Examinations curriculum . The key focus areas of literacy and numeracy which the school believes to be indispensable to a solid educational foundation. 

References.
 


</doc>
<doc id="54790622" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54790622" title="SafeSwiss">
SafeSwiss

SafeSwiss is a proprietary <a href="freeware">freeware</a> <a href="VoIP">VoIP</a> <a href="instant%20messaging">instant messaging</a> <a href="application%20software">application</a> that runs on <a href="Windows">Windows</a>, <a href="Android%20%28operating%20system%29">Android</a>, and <a href="iOS">iOS</a>. In addition to one-to-one and group text messaging, users can send multimedia, locations, voice messages and files. 

History.
A privately-owned company, SafeSwiss was formed in 2009 by Kerry Bird, Tim Gallagher and Emir Rizvanovic.
The company originally began by developing a USB-based “digital media card” that could be topped up with media such as movies and ebooks, in order to avoid piracy issues involved with digital distribution.

After consulting with a large movie studio in LA, SafeSwiss switched to microSD as a technology and began development work on encrypted file transfer.

While developing the encrypted file transfer solution, SafeSwiss pivoted to focus on developing an app to handle encrypted messaging and voice calls.

The SafeSwiss app was originally released for Android in December 2016, ahead of a release for iOS.

SafeSwiss claims it received a 78 per cent spike in downloads in the week following the WannaCry ransomware attack in May 2017. 

The company has been highly critical of attempts by the UK and Australian governments to force mobile instant messaging app developers to include encryption backdoors in their software. 

Features.
Upon downloading the SafeSwiss app, users determine their own unique ID, and are not required to input a phone number or email address to set up an account. 

The app features end-to-end elliptical curve encryption using the open source NaCl cryptography library across voice calls, text chats, group chats, file transfers and other forms of ephemeral messaging.

Encryption keys are generated and safely stored on user’s devices to prevent any backdoor access or copies, in order to eliminate the risk of a man-in-the-middle attack. 

The entire communication via SafeSwiss is end-to-end encrypted. During the initial setup, the application generates a key pair and sends the public key to the server while keeping the private key on the user's device. The application then encrypts all messages and files that are sent to other SafeSwiss users with their respective public keys. Once a message is delivered successfully, it is immediately deleted from the servers.

All message encryption and decryption happens directly on user devices, with users in control over the key exchange, to ensure that no third party (including server operators) can decrypt the content of any messages. 

Languages supported by SafeSwiss include Arabic, Bosnian, Croatian, Chinese (Mandarin) Chinese (Cantonese), English, French, German, Hindi, Italian, Japanese, Portuguese, Ukrainian, Russian, Spanish and Turkish.


</doc>
<doc id="54790633" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54790633" title="Nasa, Ghana">
Nasa, Ghana

Nasa is a village in Ghana in the historic <a href="Kingdom%20of%20Wala">Kingdom of Wala</a> in the current Upper West Region of Ghana. It is 14 miles northeast of <a href="Wa%2C%20Ghana">Wa, Ghana</a>.

prior to the dry season of 1887-1888 Nasa was a very substantial town. During that dry season it was raided by the forces of the <a href="Zabarima%20%28emirate%29">Zabarima (emirate)</a> under the command of <a href="Babatu%20%28warlord">Babatu</a>. This caused a mass exodus of much of the population and left behind a large area outside the village with lots of urban debris. Among other buildings destroyed by the forces of Babatu was the town's mosque.

The first recorded population for Nasa was 149 in 1931. In 1948 its popualtion was reported as 289. In the 1960 census it had a population of 136. In 1970 there were 216 inhabitants.



</doc>
<doc id="54790650" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54790650" title="Querétaro F.C. (Women)">
Querétaro F.C. (Women)

Querétaro Fútbol Club Femenil is a Mexican women's <a href="Association%20football">football</a> club based in <a href="Quer%C3%A9taro%20City">Querétaro</a>, <a href="Quer%C3%A9taro">Querétaro</a>, <a href="Mexico">Mexico</a>. The club has been the female section of <a href="Quer%C3%A9taro%20F.C.%20">Querétaro F.C. </a> since 2017. The team currently plays in the <a href="Liga%20MX%20Femenil">Liga MX Femenil</a> which started in July 2017.

Players.
Current squad.
"As of 6 August 2017"


</doc>
<doc id="54790676" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54790676" title="San Gregorio Formation">
San Gregorio Formation

San Gregorio Formation may refer to:


</doc>
<doc id="54790711" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54790711" title="Life Is Fine">
Life Is Fine

Life Is Fine is the 23rd studio album by Australian musician <a href="Paul%20Kelly%20%28musician%29">Paul Kelly</a>, set for release on 11 August 2017. 

Background and recording.
"Life Is Fine" is Kelly's first solo album of original material since 2012's "Spring and Fall", and follows on from two releases in 2016: "Seven Sonnets and a Song", which saw Kelly putting the words of <a href="William%20Shakespeare">William Shakespeare</a> to music; and "Death's Dateless Night", a collaborative album with <a href="Charlie%20Owen">Charlie Owen</a> primarily consisting of covers and funeral songs. The album was recorded in the first half of 2017 with Kelly's classic backing band, who return to playing with Kelly in 2014 following the "Spring and Fall" tour. The album takes its title from a poem by American poet <a href="Langston%20Hughes">Langston Hughes</a>, and its words are put to music on the closing title track.

The album's first single, "Firewood and Candles," was released on 23 June 2017. An accompanying music video was released on 3 August 2017.

Track listing.
All songs written by Paul Kelly, except "Life is Fine;" written by Langston Hughes.
All music written by Paul Kelly and Bill McDonald.


Personnel.
Adapted from the "Life Is Fine" electronic press kit.



</doc>
<doc id="54790888" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54790888" title="Shalimar - Udaipur City Weekly Express">
Shalimar - Udaipur City Weekly Express

The Shalimar - Udaipur City Weekly Express is a <a href="Superfast/Mail%20Trains%20in%20India">Express</a> train belonging to <a href="North%20Western%20Railway%20zone">North Western Railway zone</a> that runs between <a href="Shalimar%20railway%20station">Shalimar</a> and <a href="Udaipur%20City%20railway%20station">Udaipur City</a> in <a href="India">India</a>. It is currently being operated with 19659/19660 train numbers on weekly basis.

Service.
The 19659/Shalimar - Udaipur City Weekly Express has averages speed of 51 km/hr and covers 1881 km in 36h 33m. The 19660/Udaipur City - Shalimar Weekly Express has averages speed of 50 km/hr and covers 1881 km in 37h 55m.

Route and halts.
The important halts of the train are :

Coach composite.
The train has standard ICF rakes with max speed of 110 kmph. The train consist of 18 coaches :


Traction.
Both trains are hauled by a <a href="Electric%20Loco%20Shed%2C%20Santragachi">Santragachi Loco Shed</a> based <a href="WAP-4">WAP-4</a> or <a href="Electric%20Loco%20Shed%2C%20Tatanagar">Tatanagar Loco Shed</a> based <a href="WAM-4">WAM-4</a> electric locomotive from <a href="Howrah">Howrah</a> to <a href="Kota%2C%20Rajasthan">Kota</a>. From Kota train is hauled by a <a href="Diesel%20Loco%20Shed%2C%20Ratlam">Ratlam Loco Shed</a> based or <a href="Diesel%20Loco%20Shed%2C%20Abu%20Road">Abu Road Loco Shed</a> based <a href="WDM%203A">WDM 3A</a> diesel locomotive uptil <a href="Udaipur">Udaipur</a> and vice versa.

Direction Reversal.
Train Reverses its direction 1 times:




</doc>
<doc id="54790890" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54790890" title="C&amp;C 37/40">
C&amp;C 37/40

The C&C 37/40 is a <a href="Canada">Canadian</a> <a href="fibreglass">fibreglass</a> <a href="monohull">monohull</a> <a href="sailing%20yacht">sailing yacht</a>, designed in 1988 by Robert W. Ball of <a href="Cuthbertson%20%26amp%3B%20Cassian">Cuthbertson & Cassian</a> (C&C Designs) as a replacement for the earlier C&C 37 dating from 1981. The yachts have a <a href="mast%20%28sailing%29">masthead</a> <a href="sloop">sloop</a> rig, with a <a href="fin">fin</a> <a href="keel">keel</a> and a spade-type <a href="rudder">rudder</a>. They have an aft cockpit, two stateroom layout; the aft stateroom is full width with a centerline queen berth. The C&C 37/40 is intended as a cruiser/racer or oceangoing racer (depending on model). First built in 1988, the design is out of production. Over one hundred of the 37/40 type were built before the Canadian plant closed in 1994.

There are three basic models of the C&C 37/40, the semi-custom 37/40 R <a href="Yacht%20racing">"racing"</a> model with a deep draft <a href="keel">keel</a> and a lighter, more race oriented interior; the 37/40+ with a full <a href="Cruising%20%28maritime%29">cruising</a> interior and several keel options including wing keel, keel/<a href="centreboard">centreboard</a>, and deep keel; and the 37/40 XL which is a combination of the 37/40+ cruising interior with the lighter hull, taller mast, and deeper keel of the racing "R" version. At this point in C&C's history these boats were essentially semi-custom so could be ordered and built with a of a number of different rig and keel combinations, hull layups, and transom configurations (open or closed).

Production history.
The C&C 37/40 was one of a group of new C&C designed and produced aft cabin boats that went into production in 1988/1989, along with the <a href="C%26amp%3BC%2030">C&C 30</a> and 34+. First introduced in 1988, this second version of the C&C 37 (by Rob Ball) is a completely different design from the earlier C&C 37 dating from 1981. Initially intended as an updated replacement for the earlier 37, the 37/40 gradually stretched out during the design process until its final overall length was almost . In an interview Rob Ball said they drew a nice 37-foot interior, then just stretched the ends to give the boat more grace and style. All construction drawings from the design phase refer to this boat and the "new 37+" and it was first offered as the C&C 37R and C&C 37+ but soon was marketed as the C&C 37/40R and C&C 37/40+ due to its actual LOA of . On the design Rob Ball said:

I really love that design, and feel it really was/is the culmination of all the past experience, and designs that I did . . . .
The fun part was that the goal of the basic design was ‘A Fast Boat’ without any distortions for handicap rules . . The rule being used mostly was PHRF and keeping the name at 37 when the boat was actually longer than that was a tongue-in-cheek effort to fool the handicappers when it was introduced . . . After the boat was sailing and presumably sailing better than a 37 footer, they would change the rating – but by then we would have at least created ‘notice’ in the marketplace – HA . . . . .
In truth I did have a 37.49 foot design ready, but pleaded with marketing to lengthen it. Indeed it was the longest waterline 37 footer, the most interior 37 footer, maybe the fastest 37 footer . . . . BUT it was also the most expensive 37 footer . . . . The marketing guys pushed for the name change(s) . . .
Everyone that I have run into – love the boat . . . .

The C&C 37/40 was later rebranded the C&C 40 (from 1993 on) with the length code in the <a href="Hull%20number">Hull Identification Number (HIN)</a> changing from 37 to 40 for the boats built in 1993 and later, though there were no significant changes in the design at this time. 





Variants.
The C&C 37/40 is a small recreational <a href="keelboat">keelboat</a> of moderate displacement, intended as a cruiser/racer or oceangoing racer (depending on model).

This model, produced from 1988 to 1990, is laid out for racing and was designed to be competitive under the then current <a href="International%20Measurement%20System">IMS</a> handicapping rule. The 37R hull is built with <a href="fibre-reinforced%20plastic">fibre-reinforced plastic</a> using DuPont hybrid material that combines Kevlar with fiberglass. This combined with C&C's usual balsa core results in a very high strength or stiffness to weight ratio. Unidirectional glass is used for additional local stiffening. Its interior, rather than being based upon moulded pans and liners of the cruiser/racer 37/40+, is organized around a series of plywood longitudinals and bulkheads. These plywood members are rigidly glassed to the hull and contribute considerably to the strength and stiffness of the hull. The massive aluminum chainplates are bolted to sturdy plywood webs which form the back of the settees.

The R variant has a draft of with the standard elliptical keel and a tall, tapered triple-spreader mast with all rod rigging, plus runners, checkstays, and an adjustable babystay for mast bend control. The R has a <a href="Performance%20Handicap%20Racing%20Fleet">PHRF</a> racing average handicap of 66 with a high of 72 and low of 63. It has a theoretical <a href="hull%20speed">hull speed</a> of . The boat is fitted with a Universal Model 35 <a href="diesel%20engine">diesel engine</a> of . The fuel tank holds and the fresh water tank has a capacity of . It displaces and carries of lead ballast, though this varies from boat to boat with a number of 37/40 R's having lighter or custom keels. 

The 37R was quite successful on the race course. On first release the boat proved so fast that orders for the racing model totally overwhelmed the orders for the more subdued cruise-race model 37/40+. The R version can be distinguished from their sister 37/40+ and XL by an "R" in the length code in the HIN, the exception being the first 37R built, Fast Track (now Holo Nui), hull number 2 in the series, and the second 37R, Andromeda (now Seacan), hull 5 in the series, which have no "R" in their HIN. Somewhere in the first 10 hulls, C&C raised the freeboard by about to get more headroom under the IMS rule. Over the production run 25 of the 37R were built.


This model, produced from 1988 to 1994, was based on the 37/40 R hull, but fitted out with a full cruising interior.


The 37/40+ displaces , carries of ballast with the wing keel (draft of ) or elliptical keel with small "beaver tail" bulb (draft of ). It is also available with a shallow draft keel / centreboard combination with of ballast. The boat has a PHRF racing average handicap of 75 with a high of 75 and low of 75. It has a theoretical hull speed of . The boat is fitted with a Universal diesel engine of , although a <a href="Yanmar">Yanmar</a> diesel engine was a later option. The engine has full access on three sides. The fuel tank holds and the three fresh water tanks have a combined capacity of . Over the production run 65 were built.

This model, produced from 1989 to 1994, is a combination of the 37/40 R's lighter hull, deeper keel and taller triple-spreader rig, combined with the full cruising interior of the 37/40+ . It displaces and carries of ballast. The boat has a draft of with the standard fixed fin keel and with the optional centreboard/keel (centreboard up). The boat has a PHRF racing average handicap of 105 with a high of 109 and low of 78. Over the production run 15 of this variant were built.


See also.
Similar sailboats



</doc>
<doc id="54791015" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54791015" title="&quot;Come On, Let's Go&quot;">
&quot;Come On, Let's Go&quot;

Come On, Let's Go was a song recorded by <a href="Ritchie%20Valens">Ritchie Valens</a>.

Record.
The single was recorded at <a href="Gold%20Star%20Studios">Gold Star Studios</a> and released on <a href="Del-Fi">Del-Fi</a> records. It was Ritchie's first record and first hit. The b-side was a Leiber-Stroller song called "Framed".


</doc>
<doc id="54791067" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54791067" title="Dominggus Mandacan">
Dominggus Mandacan

Dominggus Mandacan is an Indonesian politician and the current governor of <a href="West%20Papua%20%28province%29">West Papua</a>.

<a href="Surabaya">Surabaya</a> Mayor <a href="Tri%20Rismaharini">Tri Rismaharini</a> traveled to the province to help campaign for Mandacan and his runningmate, Mohammad Lakotani, and the Mandacan-Lakotani ticket had the support of both the <a href="Indonesian%20Democratic%20Party%20of%20Struggle">Indonesian Democratic Party of Struggle</a> and the <a href="Nasdem%20Party">Nasdem Party</a>.


</doc>
<doc id="54791092" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54791092" title="Grønkjølen Nature Reserve">
Grønkjølen Nature Reserve

The Grønkjølen Nature Reserve () is located in the municipalities of <a href="Surnadal">Surnadal</a> and <a href="Rindal">Rindal</a> in <a href="M%C3%B8re%20og%20Romsdal">Møre og Romsdal</a> <a href="Counties%20of%20Norway">county</a> and the municipality of <a href="Hemne">Hemne</a> in <a href="S%C3%B8r-Tr%C3%B8ndelag">Sør-Trøndelag</a> county, <a href="Norway">Norway</a>.

The nature reserve covers and most of it lies in the municipality of Rindal. The reserve was established in 1996 to protect a large intact marsh area in a mountainous region, according to the conservation regulations.



</doc>
<doc id="54791127" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54791127" title="Tobacco Policy in Armenia">
Tobacco Policy in Armenia

Tobacco laws and regulations are controlled by the Ministry of Health of Armenia. Armenian men tend to be the most common tobacco users, as 42.5% of men over the age of 15 smoke.

Emergence of the Tobacco Control Law.
According to the <a href="World%20Health%20Organization">World Health Organization</a> (WHO) the three leading health risk factors in Armenia are: “alcohol use, road traffic injuries, and tobacco use.” Armenia Ranks first in Europe and sixth in the world with more than 70% of the population being cigarette smokers. In 2004, Armenia joined the WHO’s Framework Convention on Tobacco Control (FCTC) and the National Tobacco Program was approved by Armenia’s Parliament. A bill was proposed to abolish the promotion and sale of tobacco products to minors, ban smoking in public places (such as universities and hospitals), enforce stricter regulations on tobacco companies and raise prices on all tobacco products to promote healthy lifestyles among all individuals in the country.

The first “National Tobacco Control Law on Tobacco Realization, Consumption, Production and Usage Limitations” was signed into law in 2005 by President Robert Kocharyan. Although the law is in place to prohibit smoking in public places, regulate distribution of cigarettes by manufacturers, improve public health and awareness of the health hazards of smoking lack of enforcement has rendered this law to be unsuccessful.

Smoking Among Men, Women, and Adolescents.
Tobacco use in Armenia is most commonly seen in men, although, over the years, women have started to smoke cigarettes as well, allowing for the emergence of a new market directed towards female smokers. According to the most recent WHO reports, an estimated 52.5% of men 1.5% of women over the age of 15 are smokers. With smoking gaining popularity among women, tobacco companies are given an opportunity for a new market targeting female smokers. Large tobacco companies produce thin, colored, menthol flavored cigarettes especially designed for female smokers. Although there is a ban on the sale and advertisement of tobacco products to those who are underage (under the age of 18) adolescents have also began smoking at higher rates, starting as young as thirteen years of age due to a lack of enforcement of this ban. This increasing trend in cigarette smoke has led to major health risks such as various lung diseases, risk of heart attacks, an increased risk of malignant tumors and allergies.

Regulations on Marketing of Tobacco Products and Resolving Uninformed Consumer Issues.
Per the FCTC’s requirements the 2005 law that was signed by President Kocharyan also imposed regulations on public advertisement of tobacco products and proposed a complete ban of advertisements by 2010. According to the FCTC’s requirements the law also mandated proper labeling of cigarette packs to inform the public about the health risks associated with smoking. The warning label on cigarette packs reads “Smoking is Hazardous Health” and serves as a warning label for smokers.

The Ministry of Health and the Future of Armenia's Tobacco Control Policy.
The <a href="https%3A//hy.wikipedia.org/wiki/%D5%80%D5%80_%D5%A1%D5%BC%D5%B8%D5%B2%D5%BB%D5%A1%D5%BA%D5%A1%D5%B0%D5%B8%D6%82%D5%A9%D5%B5%D5%A1%D5%B6_%D5%B6%D5%A1%D5%AD%D5%A1%D6%80%D5%A1%D6%80%D5%B8%D6%82%D5%A9%D5%B5%D5%B8%D6%82%D5%B6">Ministry of Health of Armenia</a> is in control of laws and regulations associated with tobacco use. As of 2016 the current minister of the department is Levon Altunyan. The Ministry plans to have stricter regulations on the production, sale and consumption of all tobacco products as recently reported by Mr. Altunyan.


</doc>
<doc id="54791145" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54791145" title="Murrili Meteorite">
Murrili Meteorite

Murrilli (Moo-da-lee) is an <a href="ordinary%20chondrite">ordinary chondrite</a> of <a href="Meteorite_classification%23Terminology">subclass</a> type H5. It is the third <a href="meteorite">meteorite</a> to be recovered using the Australia <a href="Desert%20Fireball%20Network">Desert Fireball Network</a> (DFN) camera <a href="observatory">observatory</a>. It was observed to <a href="Meteorite%20fall">fall</a> on 27 November 2015 at 9:15pm <a href="Time%20zone">local time</a> (10:43:44.50 <a href="Coordinated%20Universal%20Time">UTC</a>) in <a href="South%20Australia">South Australia</a>, and recovered by the <a href="Desert%20Fireball%20Network">DFN</a> team on 31 December 2015 from the <a href="Lake%20Eyre%2C%20South%20Australia">Lake Eyre region</a>. As this region is a <a href="salt%20lake">salt lake</a>, the 1.68 kg <a href="Rock%20%28geology%29">rock</a> punched a hole through the ground and was found 0.43 m below the surface. It was recovered 218m from the <a href="predicted">predicted</a> <a href="Trajectory">fall line</a> location. 

The <a href="Arabana%20language">Arabana people</a> are the traditional <a href="custodians">custodians</a> of this land, and recovery of this rock would not have been possible without their permission and assistance. After an aerial search two weeks after the recorded <a href="Meteorite%20fall">fall</a>, ground-based teams, assisted by the two <a href="Arabana%20language">Arabana</a> people, pinpointed the location and subsequently recovered the rock from the salt lake, prior to rain washing away the impact hole.

Physical properties and composition.
The Murrili <a href="meteorite">meteorite</a> <a href="Meteorite%20fall">fell</a> as a single 1.68 kg heart-shaped rock, with approximate dimensions of 13 × 7 × 6 cm. It was entirely covered in a matte <a href="fusion%20crust">fusion crust</a>, with one broken corner showing the light grey interior of the <a href="meteorite">meteorite</a>. Two wedge-shaped sections were cut from the rock for further study and are currently kept at <a href="Curtin%20University">Curtin University</a>, <a href="Western%20Australia">Western Australia</a>. The rock is relatively <a href="Weathering">weathered</a> due to the <a href="Ecoregion%23Terrestrial">terrestrial</a> environment of the fall location, which presents as heterogeneous <a href="rust">rust</a>y staining. It is classified as an S1, based upon the very few <a href="Shock%20wave">shock</a> features that are present in the rock. 

Murrili is classified as an H5 <a href="ordinary%20chondrite">ordinary chondrite</a>. It contains a high <a href="siderophile%20element">siderophile</a> element component, some well-defined <a href="Chondrule">Chondrule</a>s, some of which contain <a href="Olivine">barred olivine</a>, and large, <a href="Mineral">single-mineral</a> crystal clasts. It is also classed as a type 5, as it shows moderate amounts of <a href="Metamorphism">thermal metamorphism</a> which has caused secondary mineral growth and <a href="homogenization%20%28chemistry%29">chemical homogenization</a>. 

Bulk density of the rock is 3.47 g/cm, whereas grain density is 3.59 g/cm. This implies a porosity of 3.4%.. This is markedly low for an H chondrite, but it is consistent with relatively weathered meteorites, as secondary weathering materials fill the pores we would expect to see in an unweathered H chondrite

Meteorite fall, recovery and orbital characteristics.
The 6.1 second fall of the Murrili meteorite was recorded by five <a href="Desert%20Fireball%20Network">Desert Fireball Network</a> cameras.. The rock entered the Earth's <a href="Atmosphere%20of%20Earth">atmosphere</a> at 13.82 km/s, and slowed to a <a href="speed">speed</a> of 3.83 km/s over 72 km, at an altitude of 18.34 km. The fall in <a href="dark%20flight%20%28astronomy%29">dark flight</a> was modeled using the <a href="Climate%20model">WRF climate model</a> to determine the final fall location

The meteorite fell on <a href="Kati%20Thanda%E2%80%93Lake%20Eyre">Kati Thanda–Lake Eyre</a>, leaving a visible impact structure, that was observed by DFN searchers from a light aircraft, prior to a ground expedition to recover the meteorite.

<a href="Orbital%20elements">Orbital elements</a>:


</doc>
<doc id="54791178" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54791178" title="Club Atlas (Women)">
Club Atlas (Women)

Atlas Fútbol Club Femenil is a Mexican women's <a href="Association%20football">football</a> club based in <a href="Zapopan%2C%20Jalisco">Zapopan</a>, <a href="Jalisco">Jalisco</a>, <a href="Mexico">Mexico</a>. The club has been the female section of <a href="Club%20Atlas">Club Atlas</a> since 2017. The team currently plays in the <a href="Liga%20MX%20Femenil">Liga MX Femenil</a> which started in July 2017.

Players.
Current squad.
"As of 6 August 2017"


</doc>
<doc id="54791249" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54791249" title="Udaipur City - New Jalpaiguri Weekly Express">
Udaipur City - New Jalpaiguri Weekly Express

The Udaipur City - New Jalpaiguri Weekly Express is a <a href="Superfast/Mail%20Trains%20in%20India">Express</a> train belonging to <a href="North%20Western%20Railway%20zone">North Western Railway zone</a> that runs between <a href="Udaipur%20City%20railway%20station">Udaipur City</a> and <a href="New%20Jalpaiguri%20Junction%20railway%20station">New Jalpaiguri Junction</a> in <a href="India">India</a>. It is currently being operated with 19601/19602 train numbers on weekly basis.

Service.
The 19601/Udaipur City - New Jalpaiguri Weekly Express has averages speed of 51 km/hr and covers 2238 km in 42h 15m. The 19602/New Jalpaiguri - Udaipur City Weekly Express has averages speed of 51 km/hr and covers 2238 km in 43h 40m.

Route and halts.
The important halts of the train are :

Coach composite.
The train has standard ICF rakes with max speed of 110 kmph. The train consist of 22 coaches :


Traction.
Both trains are hauled by a <a href="Diesel%20Loco%20Shed%2C%20Bhagat%20Ki%20Kothi">Bhagat Ki Kothi Loco Shed</a> based <a href="WDP-4D">WDP-4D</a> or <a href="WDP-4B">WDP-4B</a> or <a href="WDP-4">WDP-4</a> diesel locomotive from <a href="Udaipur">Udaipur</a> to <a href="Jalpaiguri">Jalpaiguri</a> and vice versa.

Direction Reversal.
Train Reverses its direction 1 times:




</doc>
<doc id="54791276" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54791276" title="Kulmasa">
Kulmasa

Kulmasa is a town in <a href="Ghana">Ghana</a>. In the 1890s, it marked the southern frontier of the <a href="Kingdom%20of%20Wala">Kingdom of Wala</a>.


</doc>
<doc id="54791341" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54791341" title="Abdul Malik Afegbua">
Abdul Malik Afegbua

Alhaji Abdulmalik Asekomhe Afegbua (OBE) was a <a href="Nigeria">Nigeria</a>n King and the first Paramount Otaru of <a href="Okpella">Okpella</a> kingdom.


</doc>
<doc id="54791365" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54791365" title="Wala Native Authority">
Wala Native Authority

The Wala Native Authority was a division of the British colony of Gold Coast established in 1933. It basically corresponded in its boundaries to those of the <a href="Kingdom%20of%20Wala">Kingdom of Wala</a> in 1892, thus reversing the successful rebellion by the Dagarti in the northern part of Wala in 1894. 

It had an area of 3,362 square miles. 

The Wala Native Authority had 14 divisions. 



</doc>
<doc id="54791426" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54791426" title="Pink Up (Apink EP)">
Pink Up (Apink EP)

Pink Up is the sixth <a href="Extended%20play">mini-album</a> by South Korean <a href="girl%20group">girl group</a> <a href="Apink">Apink</a>, released on June 26, 2017. The album's lead single is the title track "Five".



</doc>
<doc id="54791477" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54791477" title="Guns Up!">
Guns Up!

Guns Up! (stylized as GUNS UP!) is a <a href="free-to-play">free-to-play</a> action <a href="Strategy%20video%20game">strategy game</a> developed by Valkyrie Entertainment and published by <a href="Sony%20Interactive%20Entertainment">SCEA</a>. It was released on December 5, 2015 for the <a href="PlayStation%204">PlayStation 4</a>.

It received negative reception from critics, who commended its accessibility but criticized its lack of complexity and <a href="Microtransaction">microtransactions</a>.

Gameplay.
The game tasks players with creating an impenetrable base and an army to attack the bases of other players. The player must use munitions, the in-game currency, to do this, which is earned by attacking other players' bases. The multiplayer is asychronous in that players cannot defend their bases, only direct their troops in capturing other bases. The player can randomly unlock special attacks on the field and from support cards.

There is the option to spend real currency to buy in-game gold, which can unlock special soldiers much faster, as well as customize the player's army and soldiers.

Reception.
The game received negative reception, with the aggregate score being 54/100 on <a href="Metacritic">Metacritic</a>.

C.J. Andriessen of <a href="Destructoid">Destructoid</a> rated the game 25/100, calling the game "repetitive, tedious" and "digital Ambien", and stated that the game was "un-fun" without spending money on microtransactions to increase the XP gained, but also said that the microtransactions made the game too easy.

Dean Takahashi of <a href="VentureBeat">GamesBeat</a> rated the game 70/100, finding it "fun and replayable", but criticizing the "slow network response". He compared it to "<a href="Clash%20of%20Clans">Clash of Clans</a>" and said that it had the potential to bridge the gap between mobile and console games if the network was more reliable.

Official PlayStation Magazine UK rated the game 40/100, saying that it felt "soulless" and that it was "a mobile freemium game in poor disguise".


</doc>
<doc id="54791491" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54791491" title="Dimity Dornan">
Dimity Dornan

Dr Dimity Dornan AO is a speech pathologist, author, and businesswoman in <a href="Brisbane">Brisbane</a>, <a href="Queensland">Queensland</a>, Australia. She is the founder of the Hear and Say Centre for Deaf Children (6 July 1992) and helped initiate newborn hearing screening in Queensland hospitals, the first such program in Australia. She has received <a href="Australian%20of%20the%20Year">Australian of the Year</a> for Queensland in 2003, and the Suncorp <a href="Queensland%20Day">Queenslander of the Year</a> in 2010. 

Dr Dornan has been attributed for her ground-breaking auditory verbal work which has assisted families and hearing impaired children throughout Queensland. The Hear and Say Centre is now a global Hearing Health Education and Development Program with six centres across Queensland, including a telepractice for remote regions of Queensland.

Dr Dornan is the founder of Bionics Queensland (BioniQ) which was established to promote the development of the human bionic industry in Queensland.

Dr Dornan is also the founder of Human Bionics Interface, which an international network of bionics researchers, clinicians, businesses that share projects to delivery bionics solutions.

In 2017, Dr Dornan was inducted into the <a href="Queensland%20Business%20Leaders%20Hall%20of%20Fame">Queensland Business Leaders Hall of Fame.</a>


External links.
<a href="http%3A//leaders.slq.qld.gov.au/inductees/dr-dimity-dornan-ao/">Queensland Business Leaders Hall of Fame</a>

<a href="http%3A//www.wit.org.au/">Women in Technology</a>

<a href="https%3A//www.dss.gov.au/our-responsibilities/disability-and-carers/program-services/for-people-with-disability/better-start-for-children-with-disability-initiative/service-providers/hear-and-say-centre-for-deaf/hearing-impaired-children-and-their-families">Disability and carers</a>

<a href="http%3A//onesearch.slq.qld.gov.au/SLQ%3ASLQ_PCI_EBSCO%3Aslq_alma21125590700002061">State Library of Queensland - The Petrie Family</a>

<a href="http%3A//onesearch.slq.qld.gov.au/SLQ%3ASLQ_PCI_EBSCO%3Aslq_alma21120984590002061">State Library of Queensland - Alice with eyes a-shine</a>

<a href="http%3A//onesearch.slq.qld.gov.au/SLQ%3ASLQ_PCI_EBSCO%3ATN_proquest1883216607">State Library of Queensland - Proquest - Social inclusion for children with hearing loss in listening and spoken Language early intervention: an exploratory study</a>

<a href="http%3A//onesearch.slq.qld.gov.au/SLQ%3ASLQ_PCI_EBSCO%3ATN_proquest1808851048">State Library of Queensland - Proquest - Exploring the impact of spoken language on social inclusion for children with hearing loss ...</a> 


</doc>
<doc id="54791520" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54791520" title="Tiburones Rojos de Veracruz (Women)">
Tiburones Rojos de Veracruz (Women)

Club Tiburones Femenil is a Mexican women's <a href="Association%20football">football</a> club based in <a href="Veracruz%20City">Veracruz City</a>, <a href="Veracruz">Veracruz</a>, <a href="Mexico">Mexico</a>. The club has been the female section of <a href="Tiburones%20Rojos%20de%20Veracruz">Tiburones Rojos de Veracruz</a> since 2017. The team currently plays in the <a href="Liga%20MX%20Femenil">Liga MX Femenil</a> which started in July 2017.

Players.
Current squad.
"As of 6 August 2017"


</doc>
<doc id="54791523" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54791523" title="Westpac Indian Film Festival of Sydney">
Westpac Indian Film Festival of Sydney

The Westpac Indian Film Festival of Sydney - Bollywood and Beyond is a three-day <a href="film%20festival">film festival</a>. held annually held in <a href="Sydney%2C%20Australia">Sydney, Australia</a>. The founding director of the festival is <a href="Mitu%20Bhowmick%20Lange">Mitu Bhowmick Lange</a> of Mind Blowing Films with naming partner <a href="Westpac">Westpac</a>. The not-for-profit festival is the biggest showcase of cinema from <a href="India">India</a> and the <a href="Indian%20subcontinent">subcontinent</a> in New South Wales. The curated selection of films includes <a href="bollywood">bollywood</a>, <a href="feature%20films">features</a>, <a href="biopics">biopics</a>, <a href="short%20films">short films</a> and <a href="documentary%20film">documentaries</a>. The films are in more than seven different languages, all screening with English subtitles at select HOYTS theatres across Sydney.

History.
The festival was founded in 2010 as '"Bollywood and Beyond, and was created as a platform to strengthen the connection between Australians in Sydney and Indian cinema. The film distribution company Mind Blowing Films"' also runs the <a href="Indian%20Film%20Festival%20of%20Melbourne">Indian Film Festival of Melbourne</a> in partnership with the <a href="Victorian%20Government">Victorian Government</a>. <a href="Westpac">Westpac</a> is the named partner of the Indian Film Festival of Sydney. 

Festival Guests.
WIFFS 2017 Opening Night film is the Australian premiere of <a href="Onir">Onir's</a> <a href="Shab">"Shab"</a>, which will be presented by director Onir, and actors <a href="Raveena%20Tandon">Raveena Tandon</a>, <a href="Ashish%20Bisht">Ashish Bisht</a> and <a href="Raj%20Suri">Raj Suri</a>. Star of biopic <a href="Doctor%20Rakhmabai">"Doctor Rakhmabai"</a>, actor <a href="Tannishtha%20Chatterjee">Tannishtha Chatterjee</a> will also present her film to Sydney festival audiences in person

WIFFS 2012 featured guests <a href="Malaika%20Arora">Malaika Arora Khan</a> and film-maker <a href="Rituparno%20Ghosh">Rituparno Ghosh</a>, the Opening Night film being Ghosh's "."

WIFFS 2011 featured Opening Night film <a href="No%20One%20Killed%20Jessica">No One Killed Jessica</a>, the film's director <a href="Raj%20Kumar%20Gupta">Raj Kumar Guptar</a> and celebrated actress <a href="Vidya%20Balan">Vidya Balan</a> were festival guests. The <a href="Indian%20Film%20Festival%20of%20Melbourne">IFFM</a> Ambassador is Vidya Balan"



</doc>
<doc id="54791534" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54791534" title="Running Man (Taiwanese TV series)">
Running Man (Taiwanese TV series)

Running Man (Chinese: 逃婚100次) is a 2017 Taiwanese series starring <a href="Alien%20Huang">Alien Huang</a>, <a href="Lee%20Chien-na">Lee Chien-na</a>, Na-Dou and Chang Chin-lan. Filming started on 14 May 2017 and broadcast is expected to start in the same year.

Synopsis.
  Six different lives in six different dimensions. An unescapable wedding. A pre-destined romance that steps across the whole universe. But I just want to escape from you!

  An one-night stand that has Hsu Da-cai becoming a father, he is unable to face the fact that he has to spend the rest of his life bind by his wife and child. He then receives a mysterious dice only to discover that he does not recognize his life anymore the next morning！

  Everything from his friends to his work has become entirely different, and yet the best thing is that his wife, Chung Ai-ching has disappeared from his life！Have fate given him a chance to restart his life again？However, Da-cai soon discovers that everything will not go out as smoothly as expected. Like a curse, Chung Ai-ching appears in his new life and they will have an one-night stand, forcing him to take up responsibility again！

  Da-cai thinks of the dice and he rolls it, finding that he has a new life waiting for him again. 

  Da-cai swears that he will do anything that he can, just to escape from Ai-ching！


</doc>
<doc id="54791582" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54791582" title="Anthony Kent">
Anthony Kent

Anthony Kent (born July 27, 1983) is an American professional <a href="basketball">basketball</a> player for the <a href="Panteras%20de%20Miranda">Panteras de Miranda</a> of <a href="Liga%20Profesional%20de%20Baloncesto">Liga Profesional de Baloncesto</a>.　


</doc>
<doc id="54791586" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54791586" title="Marshall Thomas Wilton Eady">
Marshall Thomas Wilton Eady

Marshall Thomas Wilton Eady was an engineer born in Summer Hill Sydney in 18 of November,1882. He was the oldest child of William Wilton Eady, a native at the time, and a Scottish Woman named Barbara Rose. When his father died when he was ten, the family moved to Melbourne where his uncle, Sir William McPherson took care of them.

He was an engineer at <a href="Austral%20Otis">Austral Otis</a>.

</doc>
<doc id="54791613" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54791613" title="Erick Berry">
Erick Berry

Evangel Allena Champlin Best (1892 – 1974), better known by her <a href="pen%20name">pen name</a> Erick Berry, was an American author, illustrator and editor.

Early and personal life.
Berry was born in 1892, in <a href="New%20Bedford%2C%20Massachusetts">New Bedford, Massachusetts</a>. She was married at least twice, the second time to fellow writer <a href="Herbert%20Best">Herbert Best</a>. She derived her pen name from her interest in <a href="Eric%20Pape">Eric Pape</a> and the surname of her first husband.

Career.
Berry published many children's books from the 1930s to the '60s, and worked as an author, illustrator, and editor. Perhaps the most popular book she wrote was 1933's "<a href="Winged%20Girl%20of%20Knossos">Winged Girl of Knossos</a>", which she also illustrated. It won a <a href="Newbery%20Medal">Newbery Honor</a> in 1934. In that year, <a href="Anne%20Dempster%20Kyle">Anne Dempster Kyle</a>'s "<a href="The%20Apprentice%20of%20Florence">The Apprentice of Florence</a>", illustrated by Berry, won the same award. She also illustrated several of her husband Best's works, one of which, "", also won a Newbery Honor. She also edited at least one publication, <a href="Walter%20Havighurst">Walter</a> and Marion Havighurst's 1949 children's historical novel "<a href="Song%20of%20the%20Pines">Song of the Pines</a>".

Death.
Berry died in 1974, at the age of 81 or 82.

<br>





</doc>
<doc id="54791647" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54791647" title="Ted Follows">
Ted Follows

Edward James Follows (November 30, 1926 - October 21, 2016) was a <a href="Canada">Canadian</a> film, television and stage actor. He was best known for playing the role of <a href="Macduff%20%28Macbeth%29">Macduff</a> in "<a href="Macbeth">Macbeth</a>" at the <a href="Stratford%20Festival">Stratford Festival</a> and the 1961 <a href="CBC%20Television">CBC Television</a> film adaptation, and his television roles as the title character in the CBC drama series "<a href="McQueen%20%28TV%20series%29">McQueen</a>, as crown attorney Arnold Bateman in "<a href="Wojeck">Wojeck</a>", and as Prime Minister <a href="Charles%20Tupper">Charles Tupper</a> in "<a href="The%20National%20Dream%20%28miniseries%29">The National Dream</a>".

Follows was born in <a href="Ottawa">Ottawa</a>, <a href="Ontario">Ontario</a> in 1926, and raised in a variety of locations across Canada as his father was a serviceman with the <a href="Royal%20Canadian%20Air%20Force">Royal Canadian Air Force</a>. He studied <a href="psychology">psychology</a> at the <a href="University%20of%20Toronto">University of Toronto</a>, also acting in <a href="Hart%20House%20%28University%20of%20Toronto%29">Hart House</a> theatre productions, and following his graduation he had his first professional acting role in 1945. Over the next number of years, he regularly toured Canada and the <a href="United%20Kingdom">United Kingdom</a> with the Canadian Players and the Canadian Repertory Theatre Company, before being invited to join the Stratford company in 1955.

He married actress <a href="Dawn%20Greenhalgh">Dawn Greenhalgh</a> in 1958. The couple had four children, including actress <a href="Megan%20Follows">Megan Follows</a>, before divorcing in 1979. Follows later remarried to Susan Trethewey, a musician with the Stratford Festival Orchestra. 

In 2001, Follows directed a production of <a href="Noel%20Coward">Noel Coward</a>'s "<a href="Hay%20Fever%20%28play%29">Hay Fever</a>" in <a href="Gravenhurst%2C%20Ontario">Gravenhurst</a>, with a cast that included himself, Greenhalgh, all of their children and their children's spouses. They subsequently mounted a tour of the production to several Southern Ontario cities in 2003.


</doc>
<doc id="54791656" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54791656" title="Beitou Plum Garden">
Beitou Plum Garden

The Beitou Plum Garden () is a museum in the former residence of calligrapher <a href="Yu%20Youren">Yu Youren</a> in <a href="Beitou">Beitou District</a>, <a href="Taipei">Taipei</a>, <a href="Taiwan">Taiwan</a>.

History.
The building was constructed in the late 1930s as the summer getaway home of calligrapher Yu Youren. In 2006, the building was listed as a historical site by the <a href="Taipei%20City%20Government">Taipei City Government</a> and was opened to the public in 2010. In 2015, the building was closed for renovation from January until 27 June. 

Architecture.
The wooden building was constructed using a mixture of Japanese and Western architectural styles with two floors. The ground floor was constructed as an <a href="air%20raid%20shelter">air raid shelter</a> which is heavily shielded with steel rods and reinforced concrete. Most of the floors uses deep polished wooden boards.

Exhibitions.
The building houses various calligraphy works done by Yu Youren and history of local architecture.

Events.
Various musical events were held at the venue.

Transportation.
The building is accessible within walking distance east of <a href="Xinbeitou%20Station">Xinbeitou Station</a> of <a href="Taipei%20Metro">Taipei Metro</a>.



</doc>
<doc id="54791673" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54791673" title="Special Operations Logistics Squadron">
Special Operations Logistics Squadron

The Special Operations Logistic Squadron (SOLS) is an independent and specialised unit of the <a href="Australian%20Army">Australian Army</a> based in <a href="Sydney%2C%20New%20South%20Wales">Sydney, New South Wales</a> which provides specialist <a href="military%20logistics">logistical support</a> to all units of the <a href="Special%20Operations%20Command%20%28Australia%29">Special Operations Command</a> in support of <a href="special%20operations">special operations</a>. It has developed a "jack of all trades" capability across <a href="military%20logistics">military logistics</a> including <a href="rapid%20prototyping">rapid prototyping</a> and <a href="metal%20fabrication">metal fabrication</a>.

History.
The Special Operations Logistics Squadron (SOLS) was originally established as the Special Operations Combat Service Support Company (SOCSSC) in July 2003, as part of the newly created <a href="Special%20Operations%20Command%20%28Australia%29">Special Operations Command</a>, to provide second and selected third line support to <a href="Special%20forces%20of%20Australia">Australian special forces</a>. The unit was re-named as the Special Operations Logistic Squadron in 2007.

Role.
The Special Operations Logistics Squadron is staffed by 100 full-time personnel and about 20 <a href="Australian%20Army%20Reserve">reservists</a> and is the only unit responsible for providing logistical support to the <a href="Special%20Operations%20Command%20%28Australia%29">Special Operations Command</a> in all theatres of operations around the world. As such SOLS is the only independent logistic unit within the <a href="Australian%20Army">Australian Army</a> and its personnel are trained by the <a href="Army%20Logistic%20Training%20Centre%20%28Australia%29">Army Logistic Training Centre</a> and come from the <a href="Royal%20Australian%20Electrical%20and%20Mechanical%20Engineers">Royal Australian Electrical and Mechanical Engineers</a>, <a href="Royal%20Australian%20Army%20Ordnance%20Corps">Royal Australian Army Ordnance Corps</a>, or <a href="Royal%20Australian%20Corps%20of%20Transport">Royal Australian Corps of Transport</a>.

Whilst SOLS officers and logisticians are not special forces personnel, they are required to conduct their role in arduous conditions, remote locations, and in isolated and hostile settings. As such, SOLS officers and logisticians are expected to maintain a skill set wider than that normally expected of those found within the wider <a href="Australian%20Army">Australian Army</a>. SOLS is also responsible for training its own personnel in specialist logistics support.

Alongside the <a href="Special%20Operations%20Engineer%20Regiment%20%28Australia%29">Special Operations Engineer Regiment</a>, the Special Operations Logistics Squadron provides support to the <a href="Special%20Air%20Service%20Regiment">Special Air Service Regiment</a> and the Commando Regiments of the <a href="Special%20Operations%20Command%20%28Australia%29">Special Operations Command</a> in counterterrorism operations with the <a href="Tactical%20Assault%20Group">Tactical Assault Group</a>s and in operations overseas including most recently in Iraq and Afghanistan. The Special Operations Logistics Squadron has also deployed in assistance of humanitarian aid within the Asia-Pacific region.


</doc>
<doc id="54791682" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54791682" title="Edo no Kaze">
Edo no Kaze




</doc>
<doc id="54791704" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54791704" title="Eastwatch">
Eastwatch

"Eastwatch" is the fifth episode of the <a href="Game%20of%20Thrones%20%28season%207%29">seventh season</a> of <a href="HBO">HBO</a>'s <a href="fantasy">fantasy</a> television series "<a href="Game%20of%20Thrones">Game of Thrones</a>", and the 65th overall. The episode was written for television by <a href="Dave%20Hill%20%28screenwriter%29">Dave Hill</a>, and directed by <a href="Matt%20Shakman">Matt Shakman</a>.

On the outskirts of King's Landing, <a href="Daenerys%20Targaryen">Daenerys Targaryen</a> (<a href="Emilia%20Clarke">Emilia Clarke</a>) forces the remaining Lannister and Tarly soldiers to swear fealty to her, but loyalists <a href="Randyll%20Tarly">Randyll</a> (<a href="James%20Faulkner%20%28actor%29">James Faulkner</a>) and <a href="Dickon%20Tarly">Dickon Tarly</a> (<a href="Tom%20Hopper">Tom Hopper</a>) refuse, and are executed. Inside the city, <a href="Tyrion%20Lannister">Tyrion Lannister</a> (<a href="Peter%20Dinklage">Peter Dinklage</a>) meets <a href="Jaime%20Lannister">Jaime Lannister</a> (<a href="Nikolaj%20Coster-Waldau">Nikolaj Coster-Waldau</a>) in secret and requests an audience with Queen <a href="Cersei%20Lannister">Cersei Lannister</a> (<a href="Lena%20Headey">Lena Headey</a>) to present evidence of the <a href="White%20Walker">army of the dead</a>. Meanwhile, <a href="Davos%20Seaworth">Davos Seaworth</a> (<a href="Liam%20Cunningham">Liam Cunningham</a>) retrieves <a href="Gendry">Gendry</a> (<a href="Joe%20Dempsie">Joe Dempsie</a>), and he, along with <a href="Jon%20Snow%20%28character%29">Jon Snow</a> (<a href="Kit%20Harington">Kit Harington</a>) and <a href="Jorah%20Mormont">Jorah Mormont</a> (<a href="Iain%20Glen">Iain Glen</a>) travel to Eastwatch-by-the-Sea, where they head beyond the Wall along with <a href="Tormund%20Giantsbane">Tormund Giantsbane</a> (<a href="Kristofer%20Hivju">Kristofer Hivju</a>), <a href="Sandor%20Clegane">Sandor Clegane</a> (<a href="Rory%20McCann">Rory McCann</a>) and the Brotherhood Without Banners. In Winterfell, <a href="Arya%20Stark">Arya Stark</a> (<a href="Maisie%20Williams">Maisie Williams</a>) follows <a href="Petyr%20Baelish">Petyr Baelish</a> (<a href="Aidan%20Gillen">Aidan Gillen</a>) and discovers a letter that Sansa wrote to her family, at the coercion of Cersei, requesting their fealty to King <a href="Joffrey%20Baratheon">Joffrey</a>. At the Citadel, <a href="Samwell%20Tarly">Samwell Tarly</a> (<a href="John%20Bradley-West">John Bradley</a>) learns of a warning from <a href="Bran%20Stark">Bran Stark</a> (<a href="Isaac%20Hempstead%20Wright">Isaac Hempstead Wright</a>) about the impending arrival of the army of the dead at the Wall, and decides to abandon his training and head north.

"Eastwatch" received praise from critics, who listed Jon Snow's interaction with Drogon, Lena Headey's performance as Cersei Lannister, Gendry's return, and the tension between Arya and Littlefinger as highlights of the episode. In the United States, the episode <a href="Nielsen%20ratings">achieved a viewership</a> of 10.72 million in its initial broadcast.

Plot.
On the Roseroad.
<a href="Bronn%20%28character%29">Bronn</a> pulls <a href="Jaime%20Lannister">Jaime</a> ashore, across the Blackwater Rush from the battle. They recognize that the Lannisters could never overcome Daenerys's three dragons in battle.

<a href="Daenerys%20Targaryen">Daenerys</a> gives the surviving Lannister and Tarly soldiers a choice between fealty to her, or death. Many bend the knee, but <a href="Randyll%20Tarly">Randyll Tarly</a> resists; his son <a href="Dickon%20Tarly">Dickon</a> stands with him, even though Randyll wants him to save himself. <a href="Tyrion%20Lannister">Tyrion</a> urges Daenerys to spare them and send them to the Wall, but Daenerys keeps her word and puts them to death with Drogon's fire. The remaining prisoners acknowledge her authority.

At Winterfell.
Through ravens' eyes, <a href="Bran%20Stark">Bran</a> locates the Night King's army beyond the Wall. He requests that ravens be sent throughout the Seven Kingdoms to warn of the threat.

<a href="Arya%20Stark">Arya</a> witnesses Lord Glover and Lord Royce suggest to <a href="Sansa%20Stark">Sansa</a> that they should have made her ruler of the North, and is concerned when Sansa declines diplomatically. Arya privately accuses Sansa of wanting to usurp Jon's rule of the North. <a href="Petyr%20Baelish">Littlefinger</a> allows Arya to spy on him as he receives a raven scroll from Maester Wolkan, and hides it in his locked chambers with the intention that she will find it; she does, and it is the letter Cersei forced Sansa to write after King <a href="Robert%20Baratheon">Robert</a> died, asking Robb to swear fealty to King <a href="Joffrey%20Baratheon">Joffrey</a>.

In Oldtown.
Archmaester Ebrose receives Bran's Raven and discusses the message with other Archmaesters. <a href="Samwell%20Tarly">Samwell</a>, unaware of the recent deaths of his father and brother, interrupts to vouch for Bran, and asks the Archmaesters to use the Citadel's authority to prepare Westeros for war against the undead. Archmaester Ebrose decides the matter needs further study.

<a href="Gilly%20%28A%20Song%20of%20Ice%20and%20Fire%29">Gilly</a> reads from a Maester's minutiae-laden journal, prompting an outburst from Sam; he decides he is tired of reading about "better men's" achievements, so he steals documents from the library and leaves Oldtown with Gilly and Little Sam.

On Dragonstone.
Daenerys returns and Drogon allows <a href="Jon%20Snow%20%28character%29">Jon</a> to pet him. <a href="Jorah%20Mormont">Jorah</a> has returned and Daenerys welcomes him. Varys and Tyrion privately discuss the brutality of Daenerys's executions, and the morality of serving a ruler who puts others to death (as Varys did for the Mad King). Varys implores Tyrion to make Daenerys listen.

Jon and <a href="Davos%20Seaworth">Davos</a> attend Daenerys's meeting with her advisors. Jon receives Bran's warning, and decides to head beyond the Wall to fight the dead. Daenerys notes how few fighters he has, and Jon again requests her help. She refuses, because leaving her war against Cersei would mean conceding the Iron Throne to her. Jon decides to capture a wight north of the Wall and bring it to King's Landing, to show Cersei the danger and gain her support.

In King's Landing.
Jaime arrives back at the Red Keep, informs Cersei of the carnage of the battle, and relays his belief that the Lannisters are unable to win the war. He also reveals to her that <a href="Olenna%20Tyrell">Olenna Tyrell</a>, not Tyrion, was the one who poisoned Joffrey.

Tyrion and Davos arrive at a beach near King's Landing, and the two sneak into the city. Jaime follows Bronn to the cellars of the Red Keep where the dragon skulls are kept, under the false pretense of sword training. Tyrion emerges, to the surprise of Jaime, and requests an audience with Queen <a href="Cersei%20Lannister">Cersei</a> once Jon returns from the North with evidence of the army of the dead. Jaime later conveys Tyrion's message to Cersei. Cersei doubts Tyrion's warning, but promises Jaime that they will defeat anything that comes against them. She also reveals to Jaime that she is pregnant. Cersei is holding secretive meetings with Qyburn about matters that she does not discuss with Jaime.

Meanwhile, Davos locates <a href="Gendry">Gendry</a>, who is more than willing to leave King's Landing and return to Dragonstone with him. As they are about to leave they are confronted by two gold cloaks. Tyrion, having just returned from his talk with Jaime, tries to sneak past them, but Gendry is forced to kill the guards after they deduce Tyrion's identity. The three then quickly depart King's Landing.

At Eastwatch-by-the-Sea.
Jon, Davos, Gendry and Jorah arrive at Eastwatch-by-the-Sea and meet with <a href="Tormund%20Giantsbane">Tormund</a>. Jon reveals his intentions to go beyond the Wall, but Tormund doubts his plans. Tormund takes the group to the ice cells, where they find the Brotherhood Without Banners and <a href="Sandor%20Clegane">the Hound</a>. The Brotherhood, Gendry, Jorah and Tormund discuss their enmities, but acknowledge that they are now fighting against a common enemy, and head beyond the Wall with Jon towards the White Walker army, while Davos remains behind.

Production.
Writing.
"Eastwatch" was written for television by <a href="Dave%20Hill%20%28screenwriter%29">Dave Hill</a>, who has previously written two episodes for the series, "<a href="Sons%20of%20the%20Harpy">Sons of the Harpy</a>" and "<a href="Home%20%28Game%20of%20Thrones%29">Home</a>", in addition to serving as a writing assistant since the show's <a href="Game%20of%20Thrones%20%28season%202%29">second season</a>. In an interview with "<a href="Entertainment%20Weekly">Entertainment Weekly</a>", Hill commented on the intentions of the character's decisions and the writing and storylines that were involved in penning the episode. In writing the opening sequence between Daenerys, and Randyll and Dickon Tarly, Hill noted the difference between Daenerys and other rulers, in that she offered the men a choice, saying, "These lords disobeyed her and disrespected her in rebellion against the rightful queen. Then she gives them a way out and they don't take it." He also spoke about the effect of being defeated by Daenerys on Jaime, noting "This was their first time facing in the open field and they were so easily defeated and that's not something he's ever seen before. But as hard as it is to deal with and her dragons, it's much harder to deal with Cersei."

In regards to the departure of Jon Snow from Dragonstone, Hill also mentioned that Daenerys believes Jon to be honest, and that she "can't continue a war and still have Seven Kingdoms to rule after the war is done" as long as the White Walker threat remains. With Tyrion's secret meeting with Jaime, Hill's intention in writing the scene was to open the interaction with "total antagonism and hatred" and eventually change it to the two "being vaguely on the same side." He notes that although Jaime may not believe Tyrion, it was worth exploring a possibility of a truce.

In regards to reintroducing Gendry to the story, Hill stated that the writers were uncertain on when he should be reintroduced. Hill noted that the writers always intended to bring Gendry back, and that they had originally planned to bring him back in the previous season. They eventually settled on bringing him back in "Eastwatch" in order to place him into the storyline he referred to as "the big mission," with Jon Snow beyond the Wall. He continued by saying, "It made sense that Davos would want to save this boy who's like a surrogate son."

Casting.
"Eastwatch" saw the re-introduction of <a href="Joe%20Dempsie">Joe Dempsie</a> as <a href="Gendry">Gendry</a>, a role which he portrayed in the <a href="Game%20of%20Thrones%20%28season%201%29">first</a>, <a href="Game%20of%20Thrones%20%28season%202%29">second</a> and <a href="Game%20of%20Thrones%20%28season%203%29">third seasons</a>. In an interview with "<a href="The%20Hollywood%20Reporter">The Hollywood Reporter</a>", Dempsie spoke about re-joining the cast, by stating "In the intervening three years, I would always welcome the opportunity to come back to the show with open arms. I have so many friends on the show and have such a great time making it. I learn so much when I'm on that set." Dempsie also revealed that co-creators <a href="David%20Benioff">David Benioff</a> and <a href="D.%20B.%20Weiss">D. B. Weiss</a> were unsure when he would be returning to the show, noting that he was told by them, "'Look, your character is going to disappear for a while. We don't want you to panic. We're not trying to sack you. We like your performance and your character, but we have plans for him further on down the line.'" Dempsie learned of his return to the show shortly before Christmas of 2015, during a meeting with his agent.

Filming.
"Eastwatch" was directed by <a href="Matt%20Shakman">Matt Shakman</a>. This was Shakman's second episode as a director for "Game of Thrones", the first being the previous episode, "<a href="The%20Spoils%20of%20War%20%28Game%20of%20Thrones%29">The Spoils of War</a>". Prior to joining the series, Shakman also served as a television director for several other series, including "<a href="Fargo%20%28TV%20series%29">Fargo</a>", "<a href="The%20Good%20Wife">The Good Wife</a>", "<a href="Mad%20Men">Mad Men</a>" and "<a href="It%27s%20Always%20Sunny%20in%20Philadelphia">It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia</a>", among others. In an interview with "<a href="The%20Hollywood%20Reporter">The Hollywood Reporter</a>" following the airing of "Eastwatch", Shakman spoke about the difference between shooting his two episodes for the season, saying "There isn't the same massive set piece, so it's really about establishing what's coming next for the season. It's a bit of a reset. There are some major character revelations and further development of relationships, especially the people who are reunited and are now seeing what's happening as they navigate their new relationships with the people they haven't seen in so long." At the beginning of the episode, Tyrion Lannister is shown walking through the aftermath of the "Loot Train Attack," which Shakman noted was intended to show Tyrion's internal conflict between serving Daenerys, and seeing his own family's dead soldiers. He also stated about the scene, "We created things for him to look at that were evoking Pompeii, the aftermath of the dragon fire and what it does to the humans all around him, as well as the destruction of the actual wagons. We walked Peter through that, and let him react to what he was seeing. The effect is pretty powerful."
For Daenerys Targaryen's return to Dragonstone, and the interaction between Drogon and Jon Snow, Shakman spoke about the process that went into creating the scene, saying that half the time <a href="Kit%20Harington">Kit Harington</a>, who portrays Jon Snow, was acting with a partial dragon snout, and at other times nothing, or a tennis ball in order to establish a proper eye-line. A "pre-viz" was also created, in order for Harington to see a visualization of what the scene would look like after post-production was completed, and to understand the enormity of Drogon. He continued, "It's tremendous acting, to be able to invent your scene partner, and to be able to navigate a scene like that. Bravo to Kit Harington." Shakman also talked about directing Harington and <a href="Emilia%20Clarke">Emilia Clarke</a>, who portrays Daenerys, saying "Even though they haven't interacted much on the show at all, except for this season, know each other very well. So there's a familiarity there that helps them as actors. They both have great respect for each other and are both very talented, so the scenes are relatively easy to craft due to the familiarity between them that works."

Shakman also spoke about the direction for the scene between Samwell Tarly and Gilly at the Citadel, noting that despite the importance of the information that Gilly was revealing regarding Rhaegar Targaryen, his intent was to focus primarly on <a href="John%20Bradley-West">John Bradley</a> as Sam, saying "I knew the information was huge, and there's no need to underline it at all. I put all of that information off-camera and pushed in on John Bradley as he was dealing with the crisis of the moment, which was his frustration with the maesters and ultimately coming to the conclusion that he doesn't want to be a part of it anymore. The fact that it happens to be dropping a giant piece of information about Jon's lineage and his claim to the throne, I felt it was better to have that happen without any kind of underlining." He also disclosed that the effect of this reveal will be felt in future episodes as Daenerys and Jon's relationship changes.

Additionally, Shakman revealed that the meeting of characters at the Eastwatch ice cells at the end of the episode was shot all in one day, and that he hoped to have had more time to shoot the scene. He complimented the actors for their performances, however, saying "there's just so much tension happening with everybody, and we're setting up this idea that this is a group of very unlikely comrades heading out to perform an impossible task. All of those actors are fantastic. Building the tension between each of them wasn't that difficult, given how smart they all are as performers." For the closing shot of the episode, Shakman attempted to pay homage to director <a href="Sam%20Peckinpah">Sam Peckinpah</a>, specifically by referencing the 1969 film "<a href="The%20Wild%20Bunch">The Wild Bunch</a>", which Peckinpah wrote the screenplay for and directed. He noted the scene was "meant to evoke that image of the Wild Bunch walking into town before the big shoot-'em-up begins."

Reception.
Ratings.
"Eastwatch" was viewed by 10.72 million American households on its initial viewing on HBO, which was significantly higher than the previous week's rating of 10.17 million viewers for the episode "<a href="The%20Spoils%20of%20War%20%28Game%20of%20Thrones%29">The Spoils of War</a>" This set a ratings record for "Game of Thrones", as the highest rated episode of the series to date, surpassing "The Spoils of War", which previously held the record. The episode also acquired a 5.0 rating in the 18–49 demographic, making it the highest rated show on cable television of the night.

Critical reception.
"Eastwatch" received praise from critics, who listed Jon Snow's interaction with Drogon, Lena Headey's performance as Cersei Lannister, and Gendry's return as highlights of the episode. It has received a 98% rating on the review aggregator website <a href="Rotten%20Tomatoes">Rotten Tomatoes</a> from 41 reviews with an average score of 8 out of 10. The site's consensus reads "'Eastwatch' traded the fiery spectacle of "Thrones"' previous episode for a slow-burn approach, but nonetheless delivered some spectacular revelations and reunions."

Matt Fowler of <a href="IGN">IGN</a> wrote in his review of the episode, ""Eastwatch" may have represented a breather in the action, so to speak, but it sure didn't lag. It was a masterfully busy episode, with big moments coming at you in each and every scene. Everyone's past connection to one another is now getting brought up, noted, and utilized to further plot in a meaningful, natural way." He continued by mentioning several of the reunions and call-backs that took place throughout the episode, saying "From Sam having met Bran back at the end of Season 3, to Gendry finally returning to the show and meeting up with both Ser Davos and Beric Dondarrion (in the same episode), to Jorah finding his way back to Daenerys, to Tyrion's tense-but-fruitful reunion with Jaime – 'Eastwatch' was chock-full of the past becoming present, and being used to inform the drastic, dramatic war machine." He gave the episode a 9.2 out of 10. Myles McNutt of "<a href="The%20A.V.%20Club">The A.V. Club</a>" similarly felt the episode lacked the action that the previous episode, "<a href="The%20Spoils%20of%20War%20%28Game%20of%20Thrones%29">The Spoils of War</a>", had, calling it a "piece-moving" episode, but noted "Whereas before you were seeing pieces moving into place to set up a set of four or five different climaxes to the season, here all of the moving pieces are taking place on the same continent, and with an impact on the same central story arc." He gave the episode a B+. Erik Kain of "<a href="Forbes">Forbes</a>" wrote in his review that he felt "Eastwatch" was "the most important, revelatory and simply outstanding episode of the season so far", but in another article was severely critical of several aspects of the Winterfell storyline in season seven, specifically this episode. Kelly Lawler of "<a href="USA%20Today">USA Today</a>" expressed similar thoughts by stating it was the best episode of the season thus far, and noting, "The series has needed to reinvent itself after it brought so many major characters together and narrowed its focus."



</doc>
<doc id="54791830" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54791830" title="Club León (Women)">
Club León (Women)

Club León Femenil is a Mexican women's <a href="Association%20football">football</a> club based in <a href="Le%C3%B3n%2C%20Guanajuato">León, Guanajuato</a>, Mexico. The club has been the female section of <a href="Club%20Le%C3%B3n%20">Club León </a> since 2017. The team currently plays in the <a href="Liga%20MX%20Femenil">Liga MX Femenil</a> which started in July 2017.

Players.
Current squad.
"As of 6 August 2017"


</doc>
<doc id="54791854" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54791854" title="Gentleman Jack (TV series)">
Gentleman Jack (TV series)

Gentleman Jack is an upcoming American-British historical drama series created by <a href="Sally%20Wainwright">Sally Wainwright</a>. Set in 1832 and starring <a href="Suranne%20Jones">Suranne Jones</a> as noted landowner and <a href="Industrialist">Industrialist</a> <a href="Anne%20Lister">Anne Lister</a>, the series will premiere on <a href="BBC%20One">BBC One</a> in the United Kingdom and <a href="HBO">HBO</a> in the United States.

Overview.
In 1832, <a href="Anne%20Lister">Anne Lister</a> (<a href="Suranne%20Jones">Suranne Jones</a>) returns to her ancestral home in West Yorkshire after a extended period of travel, study and social climbing. The series explores the relationships and interests Lister develops in her quest to transform her ancestral home, her business interests and find herself a wife.

Production.
In November 2016 screenwriter <a href="Sally%20Wainwright">Sally Wainwright</a> was awarded the £30,000 screenwriting fellowship grant from charitable organisation the Wellcome Trust, in partnership with <a href="Film4">Film4</a> and the <a href="British%20Film%20Institute">British Film Institute</a>. Wainwright disclosed to the media that she was writing a drama series about the landowner, industrialist, and intellectual <a href="Anne%20Lister">Anne Lister</a>, and would use the grant to further her research. In March 2017 it was announced that <a href="BBC%20One">BBC One</a> and the American cable network <a href="HBO">HBO</a> had commissioned the eight-part series, provisionally titled "Shibden Hall", after Lister's ancestral home. Wainwright was additionally announced as the series' director, and will serve as executive producer alongside <a href="Piers%20Wenger">Piers Wenger</a> and Faith Penhale. Wainwright, a native Yorkshire-woman, had grown up in the environs of <a href="Shibden%20Hall">Shibden Hall</a> and had had ambitions to write a drama based on Anne Lister for over 20 years. She described Lister as "a gift to a dramatist" and "one of the most exuberant, thrilling and brilliant women in British history". The series is based on the collective diaries of Anne Lister - containing over 4 million words and written largely in code.

In June 2017 the series was re-named "Gentleman Jack" and Suranne Jones was announced as having been cast in the central role of Lister. Jones had previously starred in the Wainwright scripted projects "<a href="Dead%20Clever">Dead Clever</a>", "<a href="Unforgiven">Unforgiven</a>" and "<a href="Scott%20%26amp%3B%20Bailey">Scott & Bailey</a>". Jones relished the chance to be directed for the first time by Wainwright anticipating an "immediate, exciting and new" connection between the pair whilst Wainwright deemed Jones to be capable of embodying the "boldness, subtlety, energy and humour" required to depict Lister.



</doc>
<doc id="54791879" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54791879" title="Raja Arjun Singh">
Raja Arjun Singh

<a href="Raja%20Arjun%20Singh">Raja Arjun Singh</a> (1829 AD-1890 AD) was a prominent leader of the <a href="Indian%20Rebellion%20of%201857">Indian Rebellion of 1857</a> in <a href="Singhbhum%20district">Singhbhum</a>. He served as the Raja of <a href="Porahat">Porahat</a> in <a href="Singhbhum">Singhbhum</a>, (now in <a href="Jharkhand">Jharkhand</a>). Arjun Singh had great influence over <a href="Kol%20people">Kols</a> (also called Hos) who looked upon him with the "reverence due to the deity". He was the son of <a href="Raja%20Achyut%20Singh">Raja Achyut Singh</a>. During his rule the <a href="Dewan">Dewan</a> was <a href="Jagabandhu%20Patnaik">Jagabandhu Patnaik</a> (Jagu Dewan).


</doc>
<doc id="54791895" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54791895" title="Tommaso Struzzieri">
Tommaso Struzzieri

Tommaso Struzzieri, <a href="Congregation%20of%20the%20Passion">C.P.</a> (1706–1780) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as <a href="Bishop%20of%20Todi">Bishop of Todi</a> (1775–1780), <a href="Bishop%20of%20Amelia">Bishop of Amelia</a> (1770–1775), and <a href="Titular%20Bishop">Titular Bishop</a> of "Tium" (1764–1770).

Biography.
Tommaso Struzzieri was born in <a href="Senigallia">Senigallia</a>, <a href="Italy">Italy</a> on 30 Mar 1706 and ordained a priest in the <a href="Congregation%20of%20the%20Passion">Congregation of the Passion</a> by <a href="Pope%20Benedict%20XIII">Pope Benedict XIII</a> in 1729.
On 12 Oct 1764, he was appointed during the papacy of <a href="Pope%20Clement%20XIII">Pope Clement XIII</a> as <a href="Coadjutor">Coadjutor</a> <a href="Bishop%20of%20Ajaccio">Bishop of Ajaccio</a> and <a href="Titular%20Bishop">Titular Bishop</a> of "Tium".
On 23 Dec 1764, he was <a href="consecrated">consecrated</a> bishop by <a href="Giulio%20Cesare%20Viancini">Giulio Cesare Viancini</a>, <a href="Archbishop%20of%20Sassari">Archbishop of Sassari</a>. 
On 10 Sep 1770, he was appointed during the papacy of <a href="Pope%20Clement%20XIV">Pope Clement XIV</a> as <a href="Bishop%20of%20Amelia">Bishop of Amelia</a>.
On 18 Dec 1775, he was appointed during the papacy of <a href="Pope%20Pius%20VI">Pope Pius VI</a> as <a href="Bishop%20of%20Todi">Bishop of Todi</a>.
He served as Bishop of Todi until his death on 21 Jan 1780 . 


</doc>
<doc id="54791927" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54791927" title="Super Cilantro Girl">
Super Cilantro Girl

"The Super Cilantro Girl" is an original play by <a href="%20Arnold%20Anthony%20Schmidt"> Arnold Anthony Schmidt</a>, based on three stories by U.S. <a href="poet%20laureate">poet laureate</a> <a href="Juan%20Felipe%20Herrera">Juan Felipe Herrera</a>: "Calling the Doves (Canto a Las Palomas)", "The Upside Down Boy (El Nino de Cabeza)", and "Super Cilantro Girl (La Superniña del Cilantro"). The Lightbox Theatre Production premiered at the Carnegie Arts Center in <a href="Turlock%2C%20California">Turlock, California</a>.


</doc>
<doc id="54791949" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54791949" title="Tennessee State Route 450">
Tennessee State Route 450

State Route 450 (SR-450) is a short and unsigned east–west <a href="secondary%20state%20highway">secondary state highway</a> in <a href="Knox%20County%2C%20Tennessee">Knox County</a>, within the <a href="East%20Tennessee">eastern part</a> of the <a href="U.S.%20state">U.S. state</a> of <a href="Tennessee">Tennessee</a>. It travels from <a href="U.S.%20Route%2011%20in%20Tennessee">US-11</a>/<a href="U.S.%20Route%2070%20in%20Tennessee">US-70</a>/<a href="Tennessee%20State%20Route%20158">SR-158</a>/<a href="Tennessee%20State%20Route%201">SR-1</a> (US-11; Neyland Drive) overlaying Joe Johnson Drive on the campus of the <a href="University%20of%20Tennessee%20at%20Knoxville">University of Tennessee at Knoxville</a>. It serves as a feeder route for traffic between the main campus and the agricultural campus for the university.

Route description.
SR-450 begins at an <a href="Intersection%20%28road%29">intersection</a> with <a href="U.S.%20Route%2011%20in%20Tennessee">US-11</a>/<a href="U.S.%20Route%2070%20in%20Tennessee">US-70</a>/<a href="Tennessee%20State%20Route%20158">SR-158</a>/<a href="Tennessee%20State%20Route%201">SR-1</a> . It travels to the northeast, crossing through the agricultural campus of the University of Tennessee at Knoxville and over a <a href="CSX%20Transportation">CSX Rail line</a>. It meets its Eastern terminus, an intersection with Volunteer Blvd on the West side of the main campus of The University of Tennessee at Knoxville. 



</doc>
<doc id="54792160" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54792160" title="2017 Coupe Banque Nationale">
2017 Coupe Banque Nationale

The 2017 Coupe Banque Nationale will be a <a href="tennis">tennis</a> tournament played on indoor carpet courts. It will be the 25th edition of the <a href="Tournoi%20de%20Qu%C3%A9bec">Tournoi de Québec</a> and part of the <a href="WTA%20International%20tournaments">WTA International tournaments</a> of the <a href="2017%20WTA%20Tour">2017 WTA Tour</a>. It will take place at the <a href="PEPS">PEPS de l'Université Laval</a> in <a href="Quebec%20City">Quebec City</a>, <a href="Canada">Canada</a>, from September 11 through September 17, 2017.


Singles main draw entrants.
Other entrants.
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:

The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:



Doubles main draw entrants.
Other entrants.
The following pairs received wildcards into the doubles main draw:





</doc>
<doc id="54792205" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54792205" title="Kota - Udhampur Weekly Express">
Kota - Udhampur Weekly Express

The Kota - Udhampur Weekly Express is a <a href="Superfast/Mail%20Trains%20in%20India">Express</a> train belonging to <a href="West%20Central%20Railway%20zone">West Central Railway zone</a> that runs between <a href="Kota%20Junction%20railway%20station">Kota Junction</a> and <a href="Udhampur%20railway%20station">Udhampur</a> in <a href="India">India</a>. It is currently being operated with 19805/19806 train numbers on weekly basis.

Service.
The 19805/Kota Udhampur Weekly Express has averages speed of 50 km/hr and covers 1095 km in 21h 45m. The 19660/Udaipur City - Shalimar Weekly Express has averages speed of 53 km/hr and covers 1095 km in 20h 35m.

Route and halts.
The important halts of the train are :

Coach composite.
The train has standard ICF rakes with max speed of 110 kmph. The train consist of 18 coaches :


Traction.
Both trains are hauled by a <a href="Electric%20Loco%20Shed%2C%20Ghaziabad">Ghaziabad Loco Shed</a> based <a href="WAM-4">WAM-4</a> or <a href="WAM-1">WAM-1</a> electric locomotive from <a href="Udhampur">Udhampur</a> to <a href="Kota%2C%20Rajasthan">Kota</a> and vice versa.

Rake Sharing.
The train share its rake with 19803/19804 <a href="Kota%20-%20Shri%20Mata%20Vaishno%20Devi%20Katra%20Weekly%20Express">Kota - Shri Mata Vaishno Devi Katra Weekly Express</a>




</doc>
<doc id="54792207" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54792207" title="Kota - Shri Mata Vaishno Devi Katra Weekly Express">
Kota - Shri Mata Vaishno Devi Katra Weekly Express

The Kota - Shri Mata Vaishno Devi Katra Weekly Express is an <a href="Superfast/Mail%20Trains%20in%20India">Express</a> train belonging to <a href="West%20Central%20Railway%20zone">West Central Railway zone</a> that runs between <a href="Kota%20Junction%20railway%20station">Kota Junction</a> and <a href="Shri%20Mata%20Vaishno%20Devi%20Katra%20railway%20station">Shri Mata Vaishno Devi Katra</a> in <a href="India">India</a>. It is currently being operated with 19803/19804 train numbers on weekly basis.

Service.
The 19803/Kota - Katra Weekly Express has averages speed of 46 km/hr and covers 1136 km in 24h 50m. The 19804/Katra - Kota Weekly Express has averages speed of 44 km/hr and covers 1881 km in 25h 50m.

Route and halts.
The important halts of the train are :

Coach composite.
The train has standard ICF rakes with max speed of 110 kmph. The train consist of 19 coaches :


Traction.
Both trains are hauled by a <a href="Electric%20Loco%20Shed%2C%20Ghaziabad">Ghaziabad Loco Shed</a> based <a href="WAM-4">WAM-4</a> or <a href="WAM-1">WAM-1</a> electric locomotive from <a href="Kota%2C%20Rajasthan">Kota</a> to <a href="New%20Delhi">New Delhi</a>. <a href="New%20Delhi">New Delhi</a> hauled by a <a href="Diesel%20Loco%20Shed%2C%20Tuglakabad">Tuglakabad Loco Shed</a> based <a href="WDP-4B">WDP-4B</a> or <a href="WDP-4D">WDP-4D</a> diesel locomotive from <a href="Katra%2C%20Jammu%20and%20Kashmir">Katra</a> and vice versa.

Rake Sharing.
The train share its rake with 19805/19806 <a href="Kota%20-%20Udhampur%20Weekly%20Express">Kota - Udhampur Weekly Express</a>.




</doc>
<doc id="54792276" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54792276" title="Reedsburg Area High School">
Reedsburg Area High School

Reedsburg Area High School is a public high school located in <a href="Reedsburg%2C%20Wisconsin">Reedsburg, Wisconsin</a>.
CAL Center.
The CAL Center is a building adjacent to Reedsburg High School that hosts music and drama performances and other events.


</doc>
<doc id="54792335" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54792335" title="2017 Japan Women's Open">
2017 Japan Women's Open

The 2017 Japan Women's Open (also known as the 2017 Hashimoto Sogyo Japan Women's Open for sponsorship reasons) was a women's <a href="tennis">tennis</a> tournament played on <a href="Tennis%20court%23Hard%20courts">outdoor hard courts</a>. It was the ninth edition of the <a href="Japan%20Women%27s%20Open">Japan Women's Open</a>, and part of the <a href="WTA%20International%20tournaments">WTA International tournaments</a> of the <a href="2017%20WTA%20Tour">2017 WTA Tour</a>. It was held at the <a href="Ariake%20Coliseum">Ariake Coliseum</a> in <a href="Tokyo">Tokyo</a>, Japan, from September 11 through September 17, 2017.

Point distribution.
Prize money.
<br>
<br>


Singles main draw entrants.
Other Entrants.
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:

The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:

The following players received entry as a lucky loser:



Doubles main draw entrants.
Other entrants.
The following pairs received wildcards into the doubles main draw:


</doc>
<doc id="54792348" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54792348" title="Urbem Media">
Urbem Media

Urbem Media (品味全城) is a Chinese luxury-dining club headquartered in <a href="Shanghai">Shanghai</a>, initially released as a <a href="WeChat">WeChat</a> service account in 2015.

History.
Urbem Media was founded in Shanghai in early 2015 by <a href="University%20of%20Oxford">University of Oxford</a> graduate Steven Chen. Urbem Media was established in May 2015 and entered the <a href="Startup%20accelerator">Chinaaccelerator</a> startup programme in September 2015. In January 2016, Urbem released its main function, the patent-pending Ubot, that provides answers to users’ enquiries in real-time and provides recommendations based on users’ location, dining preferences and food category.

According to William Bao Bean, managing director of <a href="Startup%20accelerator">Chinaaccelerator</a>, Urbem Media is part of Chinese startups that leverage WeChat’s functions, allowing them to cut marketing costs as opposed to traditional technology startups.

Features.
Urbem Media provides its VIP members to discounts to its luxury restaurants upon annual membership. It also is <a href="multilingualism">bilingual</a>, with versions in both Chinese and English.


</doc>
<doc id="54792469" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54792469" title="Roknolmolk">
Roknolmolk

Mirza Soleyman Khan Shirazi, known as Roknolmolk, (1839-1914) was the governor's deputy of <a href="Isfahan">Isfahan</a>. He was also a poet and founder of <a href="Takht-e%20Foulad%23Mohammad%20Jafar%20Abadei%20Tekyeh">Mohammad Jafar Abadei Tekyeh</a> and <a href="Roknolmolk%20mosque">Roknolmolk mosque</a> in <a href="Takht-e%20Foulad">Takht-e Foulad</a>. His tomb is in the Roknlmolk mosque. 


</doc>
<doc id="54792522" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54792522" title="Ross Field (sailor)">
Ross Field (sailor)

Ross Field is a New Zealand <a href="sailor%20%28sport%29">sailor</a> who has competed in multiple <a href="Whitbread%20Round%20the%20World%20Race">Whitbread Round the World Race</a>s.

Field is a former police detective from Wanganui, who started sailing full time in 1985.

He first sailed a Round the World Race on "<a href="NZI%20Enterprise">NZI Enterprise</a>" under skipper <a href="Digby%20Taylor">Digby Taylor</a>. The boat did not finish the <a href="1985%E2%80%9386%20Whitbread%20Round%20the%20World%20Race">1985–86 Whitbread Round the World Race</a>.

He was then on "<a href="Steinlager%202">Steinlager 2</a>" when it won the <a href="1989%E2%80%9390%20Whitbread%20Round%20the%20World%20Race">1989–90 Whitbread Round the World Race</a>.

For the <a href="1993%E2%80%9394%20Whitbread%20Round%20the%20World%20Race">1993–94 Whitbread Round the World Race</a>, Field skippered "<a href="Yamaha%20%28yacht%29">Yamaha</a>". "Yamaha" won the <a href="Whitbread%2060">Whitbread 60</a> class and finished second overall. Field won the 1997 <a href="Fastnet%20Race">Fastnet Race</a> on "<a href="BIL%20%28yacht%29">BIL</a>".

He skippered "<a href="America%27s%20Challenge">America's Challenge</a>" during the <a href="1997%E2%80%9398%20Whitbread%20Round%20the%20World%20Race">1997–98 Whitbread Round the World Race</a>. His son, <a href="Campbell%20Field%20%28sailor%29">Campbell</a>, also sailed with the boat but he lost his index finger during an on board accident. The team struggled for funding and withdrew from the race in Cape Town.

Field next won the 1999 <a href="Fastnet%20Race">Fastnet Race</a> on "<a href="RF%20Yachting">RF Yachting</a>" before joining skipper <a href="Jez%20Fanstone">Jez Fanstone</a> on "<a href="Team%20News%20Corp">Team News Corp</a>" for the <a href="2001%E2%80%9302%20Volvo%20Ocean%20Race">2001–02 Volvo Ocean Race</a>. His son Campbell again sailed with him on "Team News Corp". Leg 3 of the race included the <a href="2001%20Sydney%20to%20Hobart%20Yacht%20Race">2001 Sydney to Hobart Yacht Race</a>. Field was the co-skipper but stood down from the sixth leg of the race due to a back injury.

Field entered the two-person 2011-12 <a href="Global%20Ocean%20Race">Global Ocean Race</a> with Campbell, sailing "Buckley Systems". The team was forced to withdraw following an accident in leg 3.


</doc>
<doc id="54792581" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54792581" title="Edo no Gekitou">
Edo no Gekitou


</doc>
<doc id="54792583" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54792583" title="Liu Yi-te">
Liu Yi-te

Liu Yi-te (; born 15 April 1960) is a Taiwanese politician.

Early life and activism.
Liu is of <a href="Mainland%20Chinese">Mainland Chinese</a> descent, and became active in the <a href="tangwai%20movement">tangwai movement</a> as a student. In a 2001 interview, Liu credited a classmate at Chiayi Senior High School with sparking his interest in politics by reporting Liu to administration for harboring anti-government views, after Liu had tried to start a discussion about a local politician. As Taiwan was then a one-party state led by the <a href="Kuomintang">Kuomintang</a>, Liu was slapped upon refusing to retract his comments about the politician in a written statement. Liu later met <a href="Lee%20Wen-chung">Lee Wen-chung</a> and <a href="Lai%20Chin-lin">Lai Chin-lin</a> at <a href="National%20Taiwan%20University">National Taiwan University</a>, where he led a club advocating for <a href="Taiwan%20independence">Taiwan independence</a>.

Political career.
Liu ran in the December 1991 <a href="National%20Assembly%20%28Republic%20of%20China%29">National Assembly</a> elections and took office in 1992 as a representative of Taipei. He won reelection in 1996, and was named <a href="Democratic%20Progressive%20Party">Democratic Progressive Party</a> caucus leader. From this position, Liu worked with senior Kuomintang members of the National Assembly and passed a resolution to extended the term of the National Assembly while also reducing its membership by mandating that the next assembly election take place under a system of proportional representation. The passage of the resolution drew criticism from both the Kuomintang and Democratic Progressive Party headquarters. The <a href="Judicial%20Yuan">Judicial Yuan</a> ruled against the term extension in 2000, but Liu subsequently supported an initiative to postpone the election date of 6 May mandated by the Judicial Yuan. Liu later chastised members of the Judicial Yuan and worked with Kuomintang assembly delegates to remove the justices' lifetime stipend, though he refused to endorse abolition of the Judicial Yuan itself. Another vote on the fate of the National Assembly was taken in April 2000, in which Liu and <a href="Chen%20Chin-te">Chen Chin-te</a> of the DPP, as well as their KMT counterparts, agreed to end the National Assembly on 20 May 2000, passing many of its powers to the <a href="Legislative%20Yuan">Legislative Yuan</a>. After stepping down from the National Assembly, Liu was named director of the DPP's organizational development department.

He formed an electoral coalition in January 2001 with Chen Chin-te, <a href="Chen%20Tsiao-long">Chen Tsiao-long</a>, Chiu Kuo-chang, Kang Tai-shan, and , but did not win election to the Legislative Yuan that December. By June of that year, Liu had been approached by a pro-Taiwan alliance that later became the <a href="Taiwan%20Solidarity%20Union">Taiwan Solidarity Union</a>, which Liu joined instead. He was named president of the "<a href="Independence%20Evening%20Post">Independence Evening Post</a>" in July 2001, shortly before the publication released its last issue in October.

Liu represented the Taiwan Solidarity Union in the 2004 legislative elections, but did not win. Afterwards, Liu became director of the TSU's organization department. In August 2005, Liu pushed the Democratic Progressive Party to rescind a mayoral nomination given to <a href="Wang%20Tuoh">Wang Tuoh</a> in Keelung, stating that if the DPP did not do so, Liu himself would enter the Chiayi mayoral contest to challenge the DPP. Liu did register as a Chiayi mayoral candidate, but withdrew when Wang did the same in Keelung. Liu again challenged the Democratic Progressive Party in 2007, contesting the legislative seat won by <a href="Yu%20Tian">Yu Tian</a>.

By 2007, Liu had became a deputy secretary-general of the TSU. From this position, Liu helped the party deliver petitions to the <a href="Control%20Yuan">Control Yuan</a> and the judicial branch. He also announced electoral strategy in 2011 and 2014. Liu defeated <a href="Chen%20Chien-ming">Chen Chien-ming</a> in a April 2016 leadership election, and succeeded <a href="Lin%20Chih-chia">Lin Chih-chia</a>, who was serving as acting chairman of the Taiwan Solidarity Union at the time.


</doc>
<doc id="54792613" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54792613" title="Javier Saade (businessman)">
Javier Saade (businessman)

Javier Saade (born May 21, 1971) is an American investor, entrepreneur and ex <a href="policymaker">policymaker</a>. He was one of the highest-ranking <a href="Political%20appointments%20in%20the%20United%20States">Latino appointees</a> in <a href="President%20Obama">President Obama</a>'s administration, where he served as Associate Administrator of the <a href="Small%20Business%20Administration">Small Business Administration</a>. Saade oversaw the <a href="Small%20Business%20Investment%20Company">Small Business Investment Company</a> (SBIC), <a href="Small%20Business%20Innovation%20Research">Small Business Innovation Research</a> (SBIR), Small Business Technology Transfer (STTR) and Growth Accelerator Fund programs which, collectively and since inception, have invested over $120 billion in 320,000 small companies. Saade was also appointed by Chair <a href="Mary%20Jo%20White">Mary Jo White</a> to hold a seat on the <a href="U.S.%20Securities%20and%20Exchange%20Commission">U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission</a>'s Advisory Committee on Small and Emerging Companies.

Career.
Prior to public service, Saade spent 20 years in the private sector at organizations that include <a href="McKinsey%20%26amp%3B%20Company">McKinsey & Company</a>, <a href="Booz%20Allen%20Hamilton">Booz Allen Hamilton</a>, <a href="Bridgewater%20Associates">Bridgewater Associates</a> and <a href="Abbott%20Laboratories">Abbott Laboratories</a>. He has co-founded several companies including <a href="Air%20America%20Media">Air America Media</a> and served as Executive in Residence at <a href="Columbia%20University">Columbia University</a>'s Columbia Technology Ventures, Senior Fellow at <a href="Georgetown%20University">Georgetown University</a>'s Beeck Center for Social Impact & Innovation and Mentor at <a href="Stanford%20University">Stanford University</a>'s Latino Leadership Entrepreneurship Initiative. 

Saade grew up in San Juan and holds an MBA from <a href="Harvard%20Business%20School">Harvard Business School</a>, an MS in Operations & Technology from <a href="Illinois%20Institute%20of%20Technology">Illinois Institute of Technology</a> and a BS in Industrial Management and Manufacturing Engineering from <a href="Purdue%20University">Purdue University</a>.

Post-Obama years.
Saade is a Managing Director and General Partner at Fenway Summer Ventures, a venture capital firm that invests in young companies innovating at the intersection of finance and technology, founded by <a href="Raj%20Date">Raj Date</a>. He serves on the Board of Trustees of the <a href="Organization%20of%20American%20States">Organization of American States</a>’ <a href="Pan%20American%20Development%20Foundation">Pan American Development Foundation</a> and as Mentor at <a href="Techstars">Techstars</a> in <a href="New%20York%20City">New York City</a> and <a href="London">London</a>. He also holds a seat on the Board of Advisors of <a href="Harvard%20University">Harvard University</a>'s <a href="Arthur%20Rock">Arthur Rock</a> Center for Entrepreneurship.

Saade writes and speaks frequently on topics that include early stage investing, STEM-driven entrepreneurship, financial inclusion, diversity, impact capital, business acceleration ecosystems, social innovation, new economy policy and digital finance.

Political engagement.
Saade has testified before Congress on topics that include federal R&D spending, entrepreneurial ecosystems and improving financial options for consumers with the use of technology. Along with other prominent American businesspeople, he signed an <a href="open%20letter">open letter</a> opposing <a href="Donald%20Trump">Donald Trump</a>'s candidacy for <a href="President%20of%20the%20United%20States">President of the United States</a>, due to his <a href="immigration%20policy">immigration policy</a>. They stated that ""..his (Trump's) vision stands against the open exchange of ideas, free movement of people, and productive engagement with the outside world that is critical to our economy.""



</doc>
<doc id="54792634" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54792634" title="Dear (Apink album)">
Dear (Apink album)

Dear is the special album by <a href="South%20Korea">South Korea</a>n girl group <a href="Apink">Apink</a>, released on December 15, 2016. The album's lead single is the title track "Cause You're My Star".


</doc>
<doc id="54792706" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54792706" title="Siliguri−Dhubri Intercity Express">
Siliguri−Dhubri Intercity Express

The 15765 / 66 Siliguri Junction - Dhubri Intercity Express is a <a href="Superfast/Mail%20Trains%20in%20India">Express</a> train belonging to <a href="Indian%20Railways">Indian Railways</a> <a href="Northeast%20Frontier%20Railway%20zone">Northeast Frontier Railway zone</a> that runs between and in <a href="India">India</a>.

It operates as train number 15765 from to and as train number 15766 in the reverse direction serving the states of <a href="Assam">Assam</a> & <a href="West%20Bengal">West Bengal</a>.

Coaches.
The 15765 / 66 Siliguri Junction - Dhubri Intercity Express has nine general unreserved & two SLR (seating with luggage rake) coaches . It does not carry a <a href="Dining%20car">pantry car coach</a>.

As is customary with most train services in India, coach composition may be amended at the discretion of Indian Railways depending on demand.

Service.
The 15765 - Intercity Express covers the distance of in 6 hours 20 mins (41 km/hr) & in 9 hours 05 mins as the 15766 - Intercity Express (29 km/hr).

As the average speed of the train is lower than , as per railway rules, its fare doesn't includes a Superfast surcharge.

Routing.
The 15765 / 66 Siliguri Junction - Dhubri Intercity Express runs from via , , to .

Traction.
As the route is going to electrfication, a based <a href="ALCO%20DL560C">WDM-3D</a> diesel locomotive pulls the train to its destination.



</doc>
<doc id="54792795" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54792795" title="List of Bellator MMA records">
List of Bellator MMA records

Below is a list of records held in the <a href="Bellator%20MMA">Bellator MMA</a> (formerly Bellator Fighting Championship).




</doc>
<doc id="54792798" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54792798" title="A Cosmic Rhythm with Each Stroke">
A Cosmic Rhythm with Each Stroke

A Cosmic Rhythm with Each Stroke is an album by trumpeter <a href="Wadada%20Leo%20Smith">Wadada Leo Smith</a> and pianist <a href="Vijay%20Iyer">Vijay Iyer</a> which was released in March 2016 on <a href="ECM%20Records">ECM Records</a>.

Reception.
Thom Jurek in his review for <a href="Allmusic">Allmusic</a> says that "The instincts these players offer in these works display the duo's mutual desire for intimate communication and spiritual trust through the medium of sound. Their uncompromising movement toward them results in a shared musical mind that speaks in a distinctive, unique emotional language".<br>In <a href="The%20Guardian">The Guardian</a>, John Fordham gave this album four stars and says that "Smith’s tone and phrasing often reflect mid-period <a href="Miles%20Davis">Miles Davis</a>, but he blends free jazz into those resources with a unique poetic focus. Long high squeals and tumbling unfold over Iyer’s humming electronics, a bright brass fanfare soars over a chordal rumble, and a lamenting muted-trumpet descent invokes "<a href="Sketches%20of%20Spain">Sketches of Spain</a>". Iyer mostly functions as a discreet foil, but this intimate conversation swells from interesting to enthralling as it unfolds".

Track listing.
<a href="ECM%20Records">ECM Records</a> – ECM 2420.


</doc>
<doc id="54792818" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54792818" title="Nick Green (writer)">
Nick Green (writer)

Nick Green is a <a href="Canada">Canadian</a> actor and playwright. He won the <a href="Dora%20Mavor%20Moore%20Award%20for%20Outstanding%20New%20Play">Dora Mavor Moore Award for Outstanding New Play</a> in 2017 for his play "Body Politic", a dramatization of the history of the Canadian <a href="LGBTQ">LGBTQ</a> newsmagazine "<a href="The%20Body%20Politic%20%28magazine%29">The Body Politic</a>".

A graduate of the <a href="University%20of%20Alberta">University of Alberta</a>, his prior plays have included "Gayface", "On the Wire", "Undercovered", "Coffee Dad, Chicken Mom and the Fabulous Buddha Boy", "Under the Big Top", and "Bearded Lady".


</doc>
<doc id="54792823" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54792823" title="Environmental Issues of Jamaica's Reefs">
Environmental Issues of Jamaica's Reefs

Human impact has a large impact on Jamaica's 479 square miles of <a href="Coral%20reef">coral reefs</a>, which hosts 60 different species of coral. These reefs are a major tourist attraction for the country, accounting for 27 percent of its <a href="Gross%20domestic%20product">GDP</a>. Due to Jamaica's economic reliance on its coastal reserves, the degradation of the coral reefs is much higher because of continuous habitat destruction .

Environmental Issues.
The coral reefs are under threat due to environmental issues such as, <a href="overfishing">overfishing</a>, pollution, hurricanes, and disease. Since the 1970's, Jamaica's coral reef cover has declined more than 50 percent. In 2005, up to 95 percent of the coral was bleached in some locations. 

Overfishing.
Jamaica's coral reefs house 135 different species of fish . Between 1995 and 1998, fishing licenses increased by 68 percent for the Montego Bay Marine Park where 69 percent of fishers rely on fishing as their full-time income . In 1970 on Jamaica's north coast, trap fishermen set 1800 traps which was at least two times above sustainability levels . Fish density dwindled to 9.8 fish per 100 m between 2001 and 2006 . Overfishing has reduced the herbivorous fish that keep algae populations in check and it has caused a phase shift from coral reefs to algae reefs. Today, algae covers 24 percent of the reefs where corals once stood. By 1960, fish biomass was reduced by 80 percent due to overfishing. Fish that are vital to coral reef survival, such as the Parrot fish, have been driven to near extinction . In addition, overfishing has also been linked to the disappearance of the black sea urchin, "<a href="Diadema%20antillarum">Diadema antillarum</a>," which also helped to reduce microalgal presence. 

Pollution.
Sewage pollution has lead to <a href="eutrophication">eutrophication</a> which results in an abundance of nutrients for microalgal populations to bloom The United Nations Environmental Program determined that 85 percent of the sewage entering the Caribbean ocean is untreated . This raw sewage contains dissolved inorganic nutrients, pathogens, heavy metals, and toxins that can cause coral bleaching, disease, increased mortality, and decreased coral growth . A study concluded that increased nutrients such as, inorganic nitrogen and phosphorus, doubled the probability of coral diseases and tripled the probability of bleaching . An increase of inorganic nitrogen was also linked to the presence of pathogens which can lead to coral mortality . The heavy metals prevent respiration and nerve communication within the coral which also leads to coral mortality .

Hurricanes.
Major hurricane events include Hurricane Allen in 1980, Hurricane Gilbert in 1988, and Hurricane Ivan in 2004 . In 2005, there were a record breaking 26 storms recorded that caused 26 events of bleaching in 16 of Jamaica's coral reef sites The hurricanes affected 68 percent of Jamaica's coral reefs and 38 percent of those corals later died. In September of 2005, up to 95 percent of Jamaica's corals had bleached, but only 50 percent recovered later on . As a result of the 2005 hurricane, microalgal blooms took over where the corals once were .

Disease.
The Caribbean's coral reefs have been increasingly becoming diseased by 20 percent . Coral diseases can cause tissue damage or it could even destroy the entire colony . In 1980, white-band disease killed 95 percent of the "Acroporid palmata" and "Acroporid cervicornis" colonies which placed them on the <a href="Endangered%20Species%20Act%20of%201973">Endangered Species Act</a> . A 2010 study concluded that sewage runoff in was correlated to the white pox coral disease that destroyed the "Acroporid palmata" species .



</doc>
<doc id="54792861" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54792861" title="Sayed Ikram Afzali">
Sayed Ikram Afzali

Sayed Ikram Afzali is the current Executive Director of <a href="Integrity%20Watch%20Afghanistan">Integrity Watch Afghanistan</a> and the Chairman of the Oversight Commission on Access to Information. He has over a decade of an experience in the field of democratic governance with a focus on civil society and anti-corruption. Since 2005, he has been part of, managed, and/or overseen a number of projects related to policy research, good governance, and anti-corruption. He has worked with both national and international organizations.

Early life.
Sayed Ikram Afzali was born in <a href="Peshawar">Peshawar</a>, <a href="Pakistan">Pakistan</a>.


</doc>
<doc id="54792863" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54792863" title="2017 West Alabama Tigers football team">
2017 West Alabama Tigers football team

The 2017 West Alabama Tigers football team will represent the <a href="University%20of%20West%20Alabama">University of West Alabama</a> in the <a href="2017%20NCAA%20Division%20II%20football%20season">2017 NCAA Division II football season</a>. They will be led by head coach <a href="Brett%20Gilliland">Brett Gilliland</a>, who is in his fourth season at West Alabama. The Tigers will play their home games at Tiger Stadium and are members of the <a href="Gulf%20South%20Conference">Gulf South Conference</a>.

Schedule.
West Alabama announced its 2017 football schedule on January 13, 2017. The schedule consists of both five home and six away games in the regular season. The Tigers will host GSC foes <a href="Mississippi%20College%20Choctaws%20football">Mississippi College</a>, <a href="Shorter%20Hawks%20football">Shorter</a>, <a href="West%20Florida%20Argonauts">West Florida</a>, and <a href="West%20Georgia%20Wolves%20football">West Georgia</a> and will travel to <a href="Delta%20State%20Statesmen%20football">Delta State</a>, <a href="Florida%20Tech%20Panthers%20football">Florida Tech</a>, <a href="North%20Alabama%20Lions%20football">North Alabama</a>, and <a href="Valdosta%20State%20Blazers%20football">Valdosta State</a>

The Tigers will only host one of the three non-conference games against <a href="North%20Greenville%20Crusaders%20football">North Greenville</a> which is <a href="NCAA%20Division%20II%20independent%20schools">independent</a> from a conference and travel two games against <a href="Lenoir%E2%80%93Rhyne%20Bears%20football">Lenoir-Rhyne</a> from the <a href="South%20Atlantic%20Conference">South Atlantic Conference</a> and <a href="Samford%20Bulldogs%20football">Samford</a> from the <a href="Southern%20Conference">Southern Conference</a>.


</doc>
<doc id="54792897" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54792897" title="List of largest shipyards in history">
List of largest shipyards in history

List of largest shipyards



</doc>
<doc id="54792964" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54792964" title="Next British Columbia Liberal Party leadership election">
Next British Columbia Liberal Party leadership election

There will be a <a href="British%20Columbia%20Liberal%20Party">British Columbia Liberal Party</a> leadership election due to the resignation of <a href="Christy%20Clark">Christy Clark</a> as Liberal leader on August 4, 2017. <a href="Rich%20Coleman">Rich Coleman</a> was elected <a href="interim%20leader">interim leader</a> announcing that he has no intention of running for leader, but would resign as interim leader if he changed his mind, adding that he does not anticipate changing his mind.

Background.
Under leaders <a href="Gordon%20Campbell">Gordon Campbell</a> and <a href="Christy%20Clark">Christy Clark</a>, the BC Liberal Party governed the province from 2001 until June 2017. In May 2017, the <a href="British%20Columbia%20general%20election%2C%202017">provincial election</a> resulted in a hung parliament, with the Liberals holding 43 seats, one short of the 44 required for a majority. Clark initially formed a minority government, but resigned as <a href="Premier%20of%20British%20Columbia">premier</a> after being defeated in a confidence vote by an alliance of the <a href="British%20Columbia%20New%20Democratic%20Party">British Columbia New Democratic Party</a> and <a href="Green%20Party%20of%20British%20Columbia">Green Party of British Columbia</a>. On July 28, 2017, Clark announced that she would resign as party leader and as MLA for <a href="Kelowna%20West">Kelowna West</a> on August 4. The BC Liberal Caucus selected <a href="Rich%20Coleman">Rich Coleman</a>, MLA for <a href="Langley%20East">Langley East</a>, as interim leader, to serve until a permanent leader can be chosen.

Procedure.
Party president Sharon White released a statement on Clark's resignation on the same day it was announced. This statement specified that the exact timeline and details of the leadership election process would be finalized within 28 days. As per the party's constitution, the election will give all party members a vote, but will give equal weight to all 87 constituencies in tallying the results.





</doc>
<doc id="54792966" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54792966" title="Real Arsenal">
Real Arsenal

The Real Arsenal was located in <a href="Havana">Havana</a>, <a href="Cuba">Cuba</a> and was at one time the largest <a href="shipyard">shipyard</a> in the world during the 1700's. It produced ships like the "<a href="Sant%C3%ADsima%20Trinidad%20%281600s%29">Santísima Trinidad</a>".


</doc>
<doc id="54793076" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54793076" title="Ali Dashti (footballer, born 1994)">
Ali Dashti (footballer, born 1994)

Ali Dashti (born January 18, 1994) is an <a href="Iran">Iran</a>ian <a href="Association%20football">football</a> <a href="Right%20midfielder">Right midfielder</a> who currently plays for Iranian club <a href="F.C.%20Pars%20Jonoubi%20Jam">Pars Jonoubi Jam</a> in the <a href="Persian%20Gulf%20Pro%20League">Persian Gulf Pro League</a>.


</doc>
<doc id="54793280" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54793280" title="List of provincial expressways in Guangdong">
List of provincial expressways in Guangdong

This is a list of province expressways in the <a href="Chinese%20Province">Chinese Province</a> of <a href="Guangdong">Guangdong</a> that have existed since the 2010 renumbering.


</doc>
<doc id="54793282" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54793282" title="2017 West Florida Argonauts football team">
2017 West Florida Argonauts football team

The 2017 West Florida Argonauts football team will represent the <a href="University%20of%20West%20Florida">University of West Florida</a> in the <a href="2017%20NCAA%20Division%20II%20football%20season">2017 NCAA Division II football season</a>. They will be led by head coach <a href="Pete%20Shinnick">Pete Shinnick</a>, who was in his second season at West Florida. The Argonauts will play their home games at Blue Wahoos Stadium and are members of the <a href="Gulf%20South%20Conference">Gulf South Conference</a>.

Schedule.
West Florida announced its 2017 football schedule on February 1, 2017. The schedule consists of 6 home and 5 away games in the regular season. The Argonauts will host GSC foes <a href="Delta%20State%20Statesmen%20football">Delta State</a>, <a href="Mississippi%20College%20Choctaws%20football">Mississippi College</a>, <a href="North%20Alabama%20Lions%20football">North Alabama</a>, and <a href="Valdosta%20State%20Blazers%20football">Valdosta State</a>, and will travel to <a href="Shorter%20Hawks%20football">Shorter</a>, <a href="West%20Alabama%20Tigers%20football">West Alabama</a>, <a href="West%20Florida%20Argonauts">West Florida</a>, and <a href="West%20Georgia%20Wolves%20football">West Georgia</a>.

The Argonauts will host two of the three non-conference game against <a href="Chowan%20University%23Athletics">Chowan</a> of the <a href="Central%20Intercollegiate%20Athletic%20Association">Central Intercollegiate Athletic Association</a> and <a href="Midwestern%20State%20Mustangs">Midwestern State</a> of the <a href="Lone%20Star%20Conference">Lone Star Conference</a> and will travel to <a href="Missouri%20S%26amp%3BT%20Miners">Missouri S&T</a> of the <a href="Great%20Lakes%20Valley%20Conference">Great Lakes Valley Conference</a>.


</doc>
<doc id="54793295" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54793295" title="Dingle Dell Meteorite">
Dingle Dell Meteorite

Dingle Dell is an 1.15 kg <a href="ordinary%20chondrite">ordinary chondrite</a> of <a href="subclass">subclass</a> L/LL5, and the fourth <a href="meteorite">meteorite</a> to be recovered by the <a href="Desert%20Fireball%20Network">Desert Fireball Network</a> camera observatory. It fell in the <a href="Morawa%2C%20Western%20Australia">Morawa</a> region of <a href="Western%20Australia">Western Australia</a> on 31 October 2016 8:05 pm local time, and was recovered less than a week later, on the morning of 7 November, in a paddock at Dingle Dell farm. Given the rapid turnaround for <a href="Meteorite">meteorite recovery</a> and a lack of rainfall between fall date and find date, the rock is in pristine condition and shows no evidence of <a href="Weathering">terrestrial weathering</a> (W0). This particular meteorite fall demonstrates the proficiency of the <a href="Desert%20Fireball%20Network">DFN</a> as a sample recovery tool for <a href="meteoritics">meteoritics</a>. 

Physical properties and composition.
The rock is 1.15 kg in <a href="mass">mass</a>, and approximately 16 × 9 × 4 cm in size. It was originally slightly wedged shaped, with pristine <a href="fusion%20crust">fusion crust</a> that is both primary and secondary, which indicate this rock broke up as it was passing through the Earth's <a href="Atmosphere%20of%20Earth">atmosphere</a>. 

Dingle dell contains <a href="Chondrule">Chondrule</a>s between 1.15 – 4.11 mm in <a href="diameter">diameter</a> that are poorly defined, which is characteristic of a type 5 <a href="ordinary%20chondrite">ordinary chondrite</a> and moderate amounts of <a href="thermal%20metamorphism">thermal metamorphism</a>. Both <a href="olivine">olivine</a> and <a href="pyroxene">pyroxene</a> have <a href="undulose%20extinction">undulose extinction</a>, which is evidence for mild <a href="Shock%20wave">shock</a>, and therefore this rock is classified as an S2. 

Bulk <a href="density">density</a> is 3.23 g/cm, and grain <a href="density">density</a> is 3.61 g/cm. Together, these measurements imply Dingle Dell has a <a href="porosity">porosity</a> of 10.5%, which is close to the mean for lightly shocked, unweathered <a href="ordinary%20chondrite">ordinary chondrite</a> <a href="Meteorite%20fall">falls</a>. The <a href="magnetic%20susceptibility">magnetic susceptibility</a> and grain density of the <a href="meteorite">meteorite</a> are higher than typical <a href="LL%20chondrite">LL chondrite</a>s, however together with the physical properties of the rock, Dingle Dell belongs to an intermediate population of meteorites that lie between the <a href="L%20chondrite">L</a> and <a href="LL%20chondrite">LL</a> chemical groups. 

Fall description and Recovery.
Several <a href="fireball">fireball</a> reports were made by the public in the <a href="Wheatbelt%20%28Western%20Australia%29">wheat-belt</a> region of <a href="Western%20Australia">Western Australia</a> using the <a href="Desert%20Fireball%20Network">Fireballs in the Sky</a> <a href="smartphone">smartphone</a> app. Users can report a <a href="fireball">fireball</a> sighting to help supplement the data obtained from the <a href="Desert%20Fireball%20Network">Desert Fireball Network observatory</a>. Six of the DFN cameras also observed the 6.2-second fireball. The rock entered the <a href="Atmosphere%20of%20Earth">Earth's atmosphere</a> traveling with a <a href="velocity">velocity</a> of 15.43 km/s. It <a href="Deceleration">decelerated</a> to a <a href="velocity">velocity</a> of 3.54 km/s over a <a href="distance">distance</a> of 78km, and stopped <a href="Ablation">ablating</a> at 19.52 km altitude.
Members of the Desert Fireball Network team visited the local area around the fall on 3 November, to contact local land owners to seek permission to search. Following this, a search team of 4 people arrived on 5 November; the meteorite was recovered on the second day of searching.


</doc>
<doc id="54793478" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54793478" title="Galaxy Star">
Galaxy Star

Galaxy Star is a singing competition television series broadcast in Myanmar on <a href="MRTV-4">MRTV-4</a>. The first season of Galaxy Star began airing on 7 April 2017, and will air weekly on Friday evenings through September 2017. The series is produced by Namin Company, in collaboration with <a href="Samsung">Samsung</a>.

Judges.
The judges of the first season include notable Burmese musicians, namely <a href="Graham%20%28Myanmar%29">Graham</a>, <a href="Pho%20Ka">Pho Ka</a>, <a href="Sung%20Thin%20Par">Sung Thin Par</a>, <a href="Phyu%20Phyu%20Kyaw%20Thein">Phyu Phyu Kyaw Thein</a>, and <a href="J-Me">J-Me</a>. Korean musicians and artists, namely <a href="Kim%20Hyung-suk">Kim Hyung-suk</a>, Daehyun of <a href="B.A.P%20%28South%20Korean%20band%29">B.A.P (South Korean band)</a>, and <a href="Minzy">Minzy</a>, served as guest judges during the first season's Korea Training Camp mission.





</doc>
<doc id="54793567" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54793567" title="Hong Bang Middle School">
Hong Bang Middle School

Established in 1933 by French colonialists as a pension school for French children studying with local Vietnamese students in Saigon ( Ho Chi Minh City), THCS Hong Bang ( Hong Bang Middle School) has since become one of the oldest and most well-known public middle schools in Ho Chi Minh City.

Apart from the normal classes for all students, the school also offers intensive classes specialized in the sciences, mathematics and foreign languages for students upon a rigorous competitive exam at the entrance of grade 6 (start of middle school).

The school is known today for its long-tradition excellence in teaching and academics, as well as its historical architecture dated back to the French time.


</doc>
<doc id="54793577" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54793577" title="Robert Grecu">
Robert Grecu

Club career.
Steaua București.
Robert Grecu played his first official game in <a href="Liga%20I">Liga I</a> in 2017, in a 2-1 win against <a href="CS%20Concordia%20Chiajna">Concordia Chiajna</a>.

Career statistics.
Club.
"Statistics accurate as of match played "



</doc>
<doc id="54793579" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54793579" title="Gold Coast bid for the 2018 Commonwealth Games">
Gold Coast bid for the 2018 Commonwealth Games

The Gold Coast bid for the 2018 Commonwealth Games was a successful bid to host the <a href="2018%20Commonwealth%20Games">2018 Commonwealth Games</a> by the city of <a href="Gold%20Coast%2C%20Queensland">Gold Coast</a>, <a href="Queensland">Queensland</a>, <a href="Australia">Australia</a>. It beat the <a href="Hambantota%20bid%20for%20the%202018%20Commonwealth%20Games">Hambantota bid for the 2018 Commonwealth Games</a> to host the games, which will be held over 11 days, with the opening ceremony on 4 April 2018, and the last day of competition and closing ceremony on 15 April 2018.

Background.
On 22 August 2008, the <a href="Premier%20of%20Queensland">Premier of Queensland</a>, <a href="Anna%20Bligh">Anna Bligh</a>, officially launched the Gold Coast's bid to host the Commonwealth Games in 2018. <a href="Ron%20Clarke">Ron Clarke</a>, a medallist at both Commonwealth and Olympic Games and present Mayor of the Gold Coast, is expected to take a key role in promoting the bid. 

On April 7, 2009, the ABC reported a land exchange deal between the City of Gold Coast and State of Queensland for Carrara Stadium. According to Mayor Ron Clarke the land will aid a potential bid for the 2018 Commonwealth Games. The land exchanged would be used as the site of an aquatics centre. In the same article Mayor Clarke raised the question of the Australian Federal Government's commitment to a 2018 Commonwealth Games Bid in light of the Government's support for <a href="Australian%202018%20and%202022%20FIFA%20World%20Cup%20bid">Australia's 2018 FIFA World Cup Finals bid</a>. 

On 16 April 2009, Queensland Premier Anna Bligh told reporters that a successful Commonwealth Games bid by the Gold Coast could help the tourist strip win a role in hosting the World Cup. "Some of the infrastructure that would be built for the Commonwealth Games will be useful for the Gold Coast to get a World Cup game out of the soccer World Cup if we're successful as a nation," she said. However the decision on the 2018 and 2022 FIFA World Cups will come 11 months prior to the bid decision for the 2018 Commonwealth Games, so the potential World Cup venues will already have been chosen. 

On 3 June 2009, the Gold Coast was confirmed as Australia's exclusive bidder vying for the 2018 Commonwealth Games. "Should a bid proceed, the Gold Coast will have the exclusive Australian rights to bid as host city for 2018," Premier Anna Bligh stated. "Recently I met with the president and CEO of the Australian Commonwealth Games Association and we agreed to commission a full and comprehensive feasibility study into the potential for the 2018 Commonwealth Games," she said. "Under the stewardship of Queensland Events new chair, Mr Geoff Dixon, that study is now well advanced." 

On 15 March 2010, it was announced that the Queensland Government will provide initial funding of A$11 million for the 2018 Commonwealth Games bid. The Premier of Queensland has indicated the Government's support for the bid to the Australian Commonwealth Games Association. 

On 31 March 2010, the <a href="Australian%20Commonwealth%20Games%20Association">Australian Commonwealth Games Association</a> officially launched the bid to host the 2018 Commonwealth Games. In October 2011, Gold Coast Mayor <a href="Ron%20Clarke">Ron Clarke</a> stated that the games would provide a strong legacy for the city after the games have ended.

See also.
Commonwealth Games celebrated in Australia

External links.
<a href="https%3A//www.gc2018.com/">Bid website</a>

</doc>
<doc id="54793581" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54793581" title="Zieria pilosa">
Zieria pilosa

Zieria pilosa, commonly known as hairy zieria, is a plant in the citrus <a href="Family%20%28biology%29">family</a> <a href="Rutaceae">Rutaceae</a> and is <a href="endemism">endemic</a> to coastal <a href="New%20South%20Wales">New South Wales</a>. It is a shrub with hairy branches, leaves composed of three <a href="Leaflet%20%28botany%29">leaflets</a> and usually only single white to pale pink flowers in the leaf <a href="wikt%3Aaxil">axil</a>s. 

Description.
"Zieria pilosa" is a shrub which grows to a height of and has smooth, hairy branches which become <a href="wikt%3Aglabrous">glabrous</a> as they age. The leaves are composed of three linear to lance-shaped leaflets with a <a href="Petiole%20%28botany%29">petiole</a> long. The central leaflet is long and wide, the leaves with a <a href="Petiole%20%28botany%29">petiole</a> long. The upper surface of the leaflets is flat, dark green and more or less <a href="wikt%3Aglabrous">glabrous</a> while the lower surface is a paler green and hairy. The flowers are white to pale pink and are usually arranged singly in leaf axils and are shorter than the leaves. There are four hairy, narrow triangular <a href="sepal">sepal</a> lobes long and four <a href="petal">petal</a>s long. The petals are covered with soft hairs. In common with other zierias, there are only four <a href="stamen">stamen</a>s. Flowering mainly occurs in spring and early summer.

Taxonomy and naming.
"Zieria pilosa" was first formally described in 1811 by <a href="Edward%20Rudge">Edward Rudge</a> and the description was published in "<a href="Transactions%20of%20the%20Linnean%20Society%20of%20London">Transactions of the Linnean Society of London</a>". The <a href="Botanical%20name">specific epithet</a> ("pilosa") is a <a href="Latin">Latin</a> word meaning "hairy".

Distribution and habitat.
This zieria grows in forest and heath in coastal and near-coastal districts between <a href="Taree%2C%20New%20South%20Wales">Taree</a> and <a href="Eden%2C%20New%20South%20Wales">Eden</a>.


</doc>
<doc id="54793596" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54793596" title="Sanzhar Mustafin">
Sanzhar Mustafin

Sanzhar Mustafin (<a href="Kazakh%20language">Kazakh</a>: Санжар Анатолийұлы Мұстафин, <a href="Russian%20language">Russian</a>: Санжар Анатольевич Мустафин, born April 3, 1978) is a <a href="Kazakhstan">Kazakhstan</a>i <a href="Television%20producer">producer</a> and <a href="Entrepreneurship">entrepreneur</a>.

Biography.
Sanzhar Mustafin was born in <a href="Almaty">Almaty</a>, <a href="Kazakhstan">Kazakhstan</a> on April 3, 1978.

From 1984 to 1994, he studied at the Secondary School No.25 in Almaty. At the same time, from 1992 to 1994, he attended Business <a href="Lyceum">Lyceum</a> at the school. In 1998, Sanzhar graduated from the <a href="Turan%20University">Turan University</a> with a degree in <a href="Jurisprudence">Legal Studies</a>.

Sanzhar Mustafin is the founder and <a href="Chief%20executive%20officer">CEO</a> of Musan Group holding company.

In 2015, he became a laureate of the Union of Journalists of Kazakhstan for creative activity in developing the anthology of kazakh variety art.

In 2016, Sanzhar was listed in the top 50 successful men in the Internet version of the men's magazine <a href="L%27Officiel%20Hommes">L'Officiel Hommes</a> Kazakhstan and <a href="Hackett%20London">Hackett London</a>.

In 2005, Mr. Mustafin was awarded the 10 years of independence of the Republic of Kazakhstan Medal for contribution in development of mass media in Kazakhstan, and the <a href="Order%20of%20Kurmet">Order of Kurmet</a> for developing the national media space.

Family.
Sanzhar Mustafin is married to a kazakh <a href="Television%20presenter">TV presenter</a> Tolkyn Mustafina (nee Zhunussbayeva). The couple has two children; daughter, Inkar Mustafina, born 2006, son, Alisher Mustafin, born 2009.

Carrier.
1998-2002 — managing director and <a href="television%20presenter">television presenter</a> of <a href="Television%20program">TV show</a> Egoist on <a href="Channel%2031%20%28Kazakhstan%29">Сhannel 31</a> in Kazakhstan.

2001-2004 — managing director of kazakh radio station Radio 31.

2004-2008 — general director of kazakh TV channel Almaty.

2007-2012 — Almaty <a href="Elections%20in%20Kazakhstan">Maslikhat deputy</a>.

2008-2013 — managing director of Elorda Zharnama advertising agency.

From 2014 — founder and director of a holding Musan Group, which owns <a href="Gakku%20TV">Gakku TV</a> and Toi Duman TV channels, Love Radio Kazakhstan and Gakku FM radio stations, Kapital Publishing Company (business newspaper and web-site), and Gakku Entertainment Production Center.



</doc>
<doc id="54793598" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54793598" title="Siliguri−Alipurduar Intercity Express">
Siliguri−Alipurduar Intercity Express

The 15767 / 68 Siliguri Junction - Alipurduar Junction Intercity Express is an <a href="Superfast/Mail%20Trains%20in%20India">Express</a> train belonging to <a href="Indian%20Railways">Indian Railways</a> <a href="Northeast%20Frontier%20Railway%20zone">Northeast Frontier Railway zone</a> that runs between and in <a href="India">India</a>.

It operates as train number 15767 from to and as train number 15768 in the reverse direction serving the states of <a href="West%20Bengal">West Bengal</a>.

Coaches.
The 15767 / 68 Siliguri Junction - Alipurduar Junction Intercity Express has nine general unreserved & two SLR (seating with luggage rake) coaches. It does not carry a <a href="Dining%20car">pantry car coach</a>.

As is customary with most train services in India, coach composition may be amended at the discretion of Indian Railways depending on demand.

Service.
The 15767 - Intercity Express covers the distance of in 4 hours 45 mins (34 km/hr) & in 4 hours 00 mins as the 15768 - Intercity Express (40 km/hr).

As the average speed of the train is lower than , as per railway rules, its fare doesn't include a Superfast surcharge.

Routing.
The 15767 / 68 Siliguri Junction - Alipurduar Junction Intercity Express runs from via to .

Traction.
As the route is going to electrfication, a based <a href="ALCO%20DL560C">WDM-3D</a> diesel locomotive pulls the train to its destination.



</doc>
<doc id="54793615" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54793615" title="AVĪCI (01)">
AVĪCI (01)

AVĪCI (01) is an extended play by Swedish DJ and record producer <a href="Avicii">Avicii</a>. It was released through Avicii Music on 10 August 2017.

Background.
On 27 June 2017, <a href="Rita%20Ora">Rita Ora</a> debuted a semi-acoustic version of "Lonely Together" at a private event at Annabel's in London. Avicii shared one-minute snippets on <a href="Instagram">Instagram</a>, captioned "New music coming very very (very) soon!", with track titles as hashtags. Avicii uploaded teasers of each track from the EP online upon release. Avicii has said of the release: "I'm really excited to be back with music once again. It has been a long time since I released anything and a long time since I was this excited over new music! My focus on this first EP of the album was to get a mix of new and old songs: some that fans have been asking about and waiting for mixed with brand new songs that they have never been heard before!" In an interview with Pete Tong on <a href="BBC%20Radio%201">BBC Radio 1</a>, Avicii stated: "It's the first EP of 3, so the whole album will be released with the third EP."



</doc>
<doc id="54793624" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54793624" title="Chandrika de Silva">
Chandrika de Silva

Chandrika de Silva (<a href="Sinhalese%20language">Sinhalese</a>: චන්ද්‍රිකා ද සිල්වා; <a href="Tamils">Tamils</a>: சந்திரிகா த சில்வா; born 24 February 1974) also known as Renu Chandrika Hettiarachchige is a <a href="Sri%20Lanka">Sri Lanka</a>n <a href="badminton">badminton</a> player. She represented her country at the <a href="Badminton%20at%20the%202002%20Commonwealth%20Games">2002</a> and <a href="Badminton%20at%20the%202006%20Commonwealth%20Games">2006 Commonwealth Games</a>.

Career.
She won the <a href="Sri%20Lankan%20National%20Badminton%20Championships">Sri Lanka national championships</a> in 1997 to 2003 and regained the title back in 2005. In 2004, she won one silver and three bronze medals at the 2004 South Asian Games. At the 2005 Nepal Satellite she clinched the women's singles and mixed doubles event, and at the same year, she reached the women's doubles quarterfinals at the <a href="2005%20Asian%20Badminton%20Championships">Asian Championships</a>. She also won the women's and mixed doubles titles in Syria and Jordan.

Achievements.
South Asian Games.
"Women's singles"
"Women's doubles"
"Mixed doubles"
BWF International Challenge/Series.
"Women's singles"
"Women's doubles"
"Mixed doubles"


</doc>
<doc id="54793639" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54793639" title="Sylvester Seay">
Sylvester Seay

Sylvester Seay (born July 29, 1985) is an American former professional <a href="basketball">basketball</a> player for the <a href="Akita%20Northern%20Happinets">Akita Northern Happinets</a> of the Japanese <a href="bj%20league">bj league</a>. 

Personal.
His uncle, <a href="Mark%20Seay">Mark Seay</a>, is a former professional American football wide receiver.


</doc>
<doc id="54793706" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54793706" title="Ayrton Mboko">
Ayrton Mboko

Ayrton Mboko (born 23 October 1997) is a <a href="Belgium">Belgian</a> footballer who plays for <a href="Royale%20Union%20Saint-Gilloise">Royale Union Saint-Gilloise</a> in the <a href="Belgian%20First%20Division%20B">Belgian First Division B</a> as a <a href="Defender%20%28association%20football%29">right back</a>.

Club career.
Ayrton Mboko started his career with <a href="Royale%20Union%20Saint-Gilloise">Royale Union Saint-Gilloise</a>.


</doc>
<doc id="54793723" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54793723" title="Kadavulin Kuzhandhai">
Kadavulin Kuzhandhai

Kadavulin Kuzhandhai () is a <a href="List_of_Tamil_films_of%201960">1960</a> Indian, <a href="Tamil%20language">Tamil language</a> film directed by Dada Mirasi. The film featured <a href="Kalyan%20Kumar">Kalyan Kumar</a> and <a href="Jamuna%20%28actress%29">Jamuna</a> in the lead roles.

Cast.
List adapted from the database of <a href="Film%20News%20Anandan">Film News Anandan</a> and from film credits. (See external links)

Production.
The film was produced by Chinna Annamalai under the banner Vetrivel Films and was distributed by Shanmuga Pictures. Dada Mirasi directed the film. Cinematography was handled by M. Karnan while the editing was done by Jambulingam. Screenplay and dialogues were written by the producer Chinna Annamalai. Art direction was by Vardhoorkar. Thangaraj and Jayaraman were in charge of choreography. Still photography was done by R. Venkatachari.

Soundtrack.
Music was composed by <a href="G.%20Ramanathan">G. Ramanathan</a> while the lyrics were penned by <a href="Venkatarama%20Ramalingam%20Pillai">Namakkal Kavignar</a>, <a href="Ku.%20Ma.%20Balasubramaniam">Ku. Ma. Balasubramaniam</a>, Namakkal R. Balu and <a href="K.%20D.%20Santhanam">K. D. Santhanam</a>. <a href="Playback%20singer">Playback singer</a>s are <a href="Thiruchi%20Loganathan">Thiruchi Loganathan</a>, <a href="P.%20B.%20Srinivas">P. B. Srinivas</a>, <a href="P.%20Susheela">P. Susheela</a>, <a href="K.%20Jamuna%20Rani">K. Jamuna Rani</a> and <a href="A.%20G.%20Rathnamala">A. G. Rathnamala</a>.


</doc>
<doc id="54793726" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54793726" title="Mathias Fixelles">
Mathias Fixelles

Mathias Fixelles (born 11 August 1996) is a <a href="Belgium">Belgian</a> footballer who plays for <a href="Royale%20Union%20Saint-Gilloise">Royale Union Saint-Gilloise</a> in the <a href="Belgian%20First%20Division%20B">Belgian First Division B</a> as an <a href="Midfielder%20%28association%20football%29">attacking midfielder</a>.

Club career.
Mathias Fixelles started his career with <a href="K.V.%20Woluwe-Zaventem">K.V. Woluwe-Zaventem</a>.


</doc>
<doc id="54793733" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54793733" title="J-Me">
J-Me

J-Me is a prominent Burmese <a href="rapper">rapper</a> who began his musical career in the 2000s.

Personal life.
J-Me's father, <a href="Aung%20Ko%20Latt">Aung Ko Latt</a>, is a Burmese film director. He is a practicing <a href="Roman%20Catholic">Roman Catholic</a>.




</doc>
<doc id="54793742" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54793742" title="Anas Hamzaoui">
Anas Hamzaoui

Anas Hamzaoui (born 14 July 1996) is a <a href="Belgium">Belgian</a> footballer who plays for <a href="Royale%20Union%20Saint-Gilloise">Royale Union Saint-Gilloise</a> in the <a href="Belgian%20First%20Division%20B">Belgian First Division B</a> as a <a href="Defender%20%28association%20football%29">left back</a>.

Club career.
Anas Hamzaoui started his career with <a href="AFC%20Tubize">AFC Tubize</a>.


</doc>
<doc id="54793756" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54793756" title="Yang Chen (footballer, born 1989)">
Yang Chen (footballer, born 1989)

Yang Chen (; born 14 November 1989) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for <a href="Shenzhen%20Ledman%20F.C.">Shenzhen Ledman</a> in the <a href="China%20League%20Two">China League Two</a>.

Club career.
Yang Chen started his professional football career in 2009 when he was promoted to <a href="China%20League%20One">China League One</a> side <a href="Shanghai%20Shenxin%20F.C.">Nanchang Hengyuan</a>'s first team squad. On 28 March 2009, he made his senior debut in the opening match of the season which Nanchang Hengyu beat <a href="Pudong%20Zobon%20F.C.">Pudong Zobon</a> 3–0. He played 13 matches for the club in the 2009 season as Nanchang finished the second in the China League One and won promotion to the <a href="Chinese%20Super%20League">Chinese Super League</a>. On 4 May 2011, Yang scored his two goals in a 3–1 win over <a href="Beijing%20Institute%20of%20Technology%20F.C.">Beijing Institute of Technology</a> in the first round of <a href="2011%20Chinese%20FA%20Cup">2011 Chinese FA Cup</a>. He scored his first league goal on 23 October 2011 in a 3–1 away win against <a href="Beijing%20Renhe%20F.C.">Shaanxi Renhe</a>.

Yang was loaned to <a href="China%20League%20Two">China League Two</a> side <a href="Hebei%20China%20Fortune%20F.C.">Hebei Zhongji</a> in March 2013. He was the top scorer of the league, scoring nine goals in 19 appearances as Hebei finished the runners-up in the <a href="2013%20China%20League%20Two">2013 China League Two</a> and promoted to the second tier. Yang transferred to another League Two club <a href="Meizhou%20Hakka%20F.C.">Meizhou Hakka</a> in February 2014. He played two seasons for the club and won the champions of <a href="2015%20China%20League%20Two">2015 China League Two</a>. Yang moved to League Two new club <a href="Shenzhen%20Ledman%20F.C.">Shenzhen Renren</a> in 2016. He scored club's first goal in the professional league on 30 April 2016 in a 1–0 home win against <a href="Yunnan%20Lijiang%20F.C.">Yunnan Lijiang</a>.




</doc>
<doc id="54793775" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54793775" title="Party People (South Korean show)">
Party People (South Korean show)

Park Jin-young's Party People () is a <a href="South%20Korea">South Korea</a>n television program hosted by <a href="Park%20Jin-young">Park Jin-young</a>. It airs on <a href="Seoul%20Broadcasting%20System">SBS</a> on Saturday at 00:15 (KST) beginning 23 July 2017. It is mainly a music talk show with the atmosphere of a club, with alcoholic drinks.

Episodes.
In the ratings below, the highest rating for the show will be in red, and the lowest rating for the show will be in blue each year.

Program.
The program has a segment called Song Grabbing (), where guests each choose a song and perform it in a different way from the original song.


</doc>
<doc id="54793780" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54793780" title="Gertjan Martens">
Gertjan Martens

Gertjan Martens (born 20 September 1988) is a <a href="Belgium">Belgian</a> footballer who plays for <a href="Royale%20Union%20Saint-Gilloise">Royale Union Saint-Gilloise</a> in the <a href="Belgian%20First%20Division%20B">Belgian First Division B</a> as a <a href="Defender%20%28association%20football%29">centre back</a>.

Club career.
Gertjan Martens started his career with <a href="KSK%20Ronse">KSK Ronse</a>.


</doc>
<doc id="54793787" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54793787" title="Kyrsyä – Tuftland">
Kyrsyä – Tuftland

Kyrsyä – Tuftland is a <a href="Finnish%20language">Finnish</a> <a href="Horror%20film">horror</a> film directed by <a href="Roope%20Olenius">Roope Olenius</a> and set to release in 2017. The film stars <a href="Veera%20W.%20Vilo">Veera W. Vilo</a>, <a href="Miikka%20J.%20Anttila">Miikka J. Anttila</a> ja <a href="Saara%20Elina">Saara Elina</a>. It is based on a play "Kyrsyä" by Neea Viitamäki.


Production.
The film was shot in the summer 2016 in <a href="Espoo">Espoo</a>, <a href="Joensuu">Joensuu</a>, <a href="Loimaa">Loimaa</a>, <a href="Pori">Pori</a> and <a href="Tampere">Tampere</a>. The film is Olenius’ directorial debut film.



</doc>
<doc id="54793788" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54793788" title="List of songs recorded by She &amp; Him">
List of songs recorded by She &amp; Him

<a href="She%20%26amp%3B%20Him">She & Him</a> is an American musical duo consisting of members <a href="Zooey%20Deschanel">Zooey Deschanel</a> and <a href="M.%20Ward">M. Ward</a>. They have recorded songs for six <a href="studio%20album">studio album</a>s and an <a href="extended%20play">extended play</a> (EP), as well as various other releases. The two formed the band after working on their rendition of <a href="Richard%20and%20Linda%20Thompson">Richard and Linda Thompson</a>'s "<a href="I%20Want%20to%20See%20the%20Bright%20Lights%20Tonight">When I Get to the Border</a>", which included on the soundtrack of <a href="Martin%20Hynes">Martin Hynes</a>'s 2007 film "<a href="The%20Go-Getter%20%282007%20film%29">The Go-Getter</a>" and was used during its <a href="closing%20credits">closing credits</a>. Described as "a collection of <a href="Retro%20style">vintage</a>-sounding <a href="Country%20music">country</a>-tinged songs", their debut album "<a href="Volume%20One%20%28She%20%26amp%3B%20Him%20album%29">Volume One</a>", released under <a href="Independent%20record%20label">indie label</a> <a href="Merge%20Records">Merge Records</a> in 2008, received positive responses from <a href="music%20critics">music critics</a>. Deschanel wrote all of the album's original tracks, except "Sweet Darlin'", which she co-wrote with <a href="Jason%20Schwartzman">Jason Schwartzman</a>.

In 2009, they recorded two songs for M. Ward's sixth studio album "<a href="Hold%20Time%20%28album%29">Hold Time</a>" and contributed a <a href="cover%20version">cover version</a> of <a href="The%20Smiths">The Smiths</a>' "<a href="Please%2C%20Please%2C%20Please%20Let%20Me%20Get%20What%20I%20Want">Please, Please, Please Let Me Get What I Want</a>" to the <a href="500%20Days%20of%20Summer%23Soundtrack%20albums">"(500) Days of Summer" soundtrack</a>. Deschanel penned eleven tracks for their followed-up release "<a href="Volume%20Two%20%28She%20%26amp%3B%20Him%20album%29">Volume Two</a>" (2010), where her lyrics touch on themes of <a href="Romance%20%28love%29">romance</a> and <a href="Self-love">self-appreciation</a>. The following year saw both artists performed three songs for the animated musical film "<a href="Winnie%20the%20Pooh%20%282011%20film%29">Winnie the Pooh</a>", including the <a href="Winnie%20the%20Pooh%20%28song%29">theme song</a> and an original composition named "So Long". For the latter work, Deschanel received a <a href="Grammy%20Award">Grammy</a> nomination for <a href="Grammy%20Award%20for%20Best%20Song%20Written%20for%20Visual%20Media">Best Song Written for Visual Media</a> at its <a href="54th%20Annual%20Grammy%20Awards">54th ceremony</a>. The duo's first <a href="Christmas%20album">Christmas album</a> "<a href="A%20Very%20She%20%26amp%3B%20Him%20Christmas">A Very She & Him Christmas</a>" was released in 2011, in which they recorded twelve cover versions of <a href="Christmas%20song">Christmas standards</a> over the course of six days.

In 2012, M. Ward featured Deschanel on "Me and My Shadow" and "Sweetheart" from his album "<a href="A%20Wasteland%20Companion">A Wasteland Companion</a>." The two's fourth studio album, "<a href="Volume%203%20%28She%20%26amp%3B%20Him%20album%29">Volume 3</a>" (2013) features more "<a href="disco">disco</a> grooves [and] <a href="Arrangement%23Strings">string arrangements</a>" than their previous works. The "bleached-out-in-the-sun <a href="Pop%20music">pop</a> record" included three covers and eleven tracks written by Deschanel—four of which later appeared on the duo's digital-only EP "The Capitol Studios Session" the same year. After signing with <a href="Columbia%20Records">Columbia Records</a>, She & Him started working on their major-label debut "<a href="Classics%20%28She%20%26amp%3B%20Him%20album%29">Classics</a>" (2014) with thirteen covers of classic tracks, recorded live and accompanied by a 20-piece <a href="orchestra">orchestra</a>, in which M. Ward helped with strings arrangement. Their second Christmas release, "<a href="Christmas%20Party%20%28She%20%26amp%3B%20Him%20album%29">Christmas Party</a>" contains twelve holiday-themed tracks, was released in 2016.

She & Him was also involved in a number of side-projects. In 2010, they covered <a href="The%20Band">The Band</a>'s "<a href="The%20Shape%20I%27m%20In%20%28The%20Band%20song%29">Shape I'm In</a>" and "<a href="Fools%20Rush%20In%20%28Where%20Angels%20Fear%20to%20Tread%29">Fools Rush In</a>" exclusively for the <a href="Levi%27s">Levi's</a> "Shape What's to Come" and "Pioneer Sessions" campaigns, respectively. That same year, they performed "Earth" on "<a href="Chickens%20in%20Love">Chickens in Love: An Album to Benefit 826LA</a>", a collaborative project with <a href="826LA">826LA</a> which features songs written by students ages seven to thirteen. They later contributed their renditions of <a href="The%20Crickets">The Crickets</a>' "<a href="Oh%2C%20Boy%21%20%28The%20Crickets%20song%29">Oh Boy</a>" for the 2011 <a href="Buddy%20Holly">Buddy Holly</a> <a href="tribute%20album">tribute album</a>, "<a href="Rave%20On%20Buddy%20Holly">Rave On Buddy Holly</a>" and <a href="Roger%20Miller">Roger Miller</a>'s "<a href="King%20of%20the%20Road%20%28song%29">King of the Road</a>" for the <a href="benefit%20album">charity release</a> "<a href="Sweet%20Relief%20Musicians%20Fund">Sweet Relief III: Pennies from Heaven</a>" (2013). In 2015, She & Him collaborated with musician <a href="Brian%20Wilson">Brian Wilson</a> on the track "On The Island" from his eleventh studio album "<a href="No%20Pier%20Pressure">No Pier Pressure</a>".



</doc>
<doc id="54793805" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54793805" title="Tehkal Bala">
Tehkal Bala

Tehkal Bala in <a href="Peshawar">Peshawar</a>, <a href="Pakistan">Pakistan</a>, the heart of Khalil tribe, is situated on the west of Main University Road. Its estimated population is more than 100,000.Many famous people belongs to this village. Ex-Chief Minister Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Mr. Arbab Muhammad Jehangir Khan Khalil was also the resident of this village. Deputy Speaker Arbab Saifur Rehman Khalil was also belong to this village. A lot of Ministers (Federal/Provincial) and Secretaries are the assets of this village.


</doc>
<doc id="54793832" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54793832" title="Jimmy Gaudreau">
Jimmy Gaudreau

Jimmy Gaudreau is a singer and mandolist playing traditional and progressive bluegrass music. He is best known for his solo albums, and his work with <a href="The%20Country%20Gentlemen">The Country Gentlemen</a>, <a href="Tony%20Rice">Tony Rice</a>, and <a href="J.%20D.%20Crowe">J. D. Crowe</a>.

Biography.
Early life.
In high school in the '60s, Gaudreau performed as a professional musician, playing electric guitar in his band Jimmy G & the Jaguars. The band played dances and Saturday nights at his uncle's Rhode Island beachfront restaurant.

During the folk boom, Gaudreau became interested in bluegrass music. When he started playing the mandolin, he used guitar fingering techniques, giving him his unique sound.

The Country Gentlemen.
Gaudreau moved to the Washington, DC area from his native Rhode Island in 1969 to become a member of the Country Gentlemen, replacing <a href="John%20Duffey">John Duffey</a> and joining <a href="Charlie%20Waller%20%28American%20musician%29">Charlie Waller</a>, Ed Farris, and <a href="Eddie%20Adcock">Eddie Adcock</a>. In his first stint with the band, he contributed to two albums: "New Look New Sound" and "One Wide River". He rejoined the Gentlemen from 1981 until 1985 to record "Good as Gold" (Sugar Hill) and "Let the Light Shine Down".

The II Generation.
In 1971, <a href="Eddie%20Adcock">Eddie Adcock</a> (banjo) assembled the progressive bluegrass band II Generation with Gaudreau, Bob White (bass), and Wendy Thatcher (guitar). II Generation was known for extended jams, and they called their music "newgrass." They disbanded in 1980.

Country Store.
Gaudreau formed Country Store in 1973 with <a href="Keith%20Whitley">Keith Whitley</a> (guitar), <a href="Carl%20Jackson">Carl Jackson</a> (banjo), and Bill Rawlings (bass). Later, Jackson was replaced by Jimmy Arnold, and Whitley was replaced by Chris Stifel. They recorded two albums and broke up in 1975.

J. D. Crowe and the New South.
Gaudreau was also a member of <a href="J.%20D.%20Crowe">J. D. Crowe</a> and the New South, with <a href="Keith%20Whitley">Keith Whitley</a>, Bobby Slone (fiddle), and Steve Bryant (bass).

Spectrum.
From 1979 through 1981, Gaudreau was a member of Spectrum with banjoist <a href="B%C3%A9la%20Fleck">Béla Fleck</a> and bassist <a href="Mark%20Schatz">Mark Schatz</a>. They recorded two albums for <a href="Rounder%20Records">Rounder Records</a>: "Too Hot To Handle" (1982) and "Live In Japan" (1983). After this, Gaudreau returned to the Country Gentlemen for his second stint.

Tony Rice Unit.
In 1985, Gaudreau was a member of the <a href="Tony%20Rice">Tony Rice</a> Unit for 11 years. Besides Rice and Gaudreau, the Unit included Wyatt Rice (guitar), Ronnie Simpkins (bass), and Rickie Simpkins (fiddle). Gaudreau looked for other opportunities when Rice's vocal problems hinted at an end to the band.

Chesapeake.
In 1992, <a href="Chesapeake%20%28band%29">Chesapeake</a>, featuring Gaudreau, <a href="Mike%20Auldridge">Mike Auldridge</a>, <a href="T.%20Michael%20Coleman">T. Michael Coleman</a>, and <a href="Moondi%20Klein">Moondi Klein</a>, released three critically acclaimed albums on the <a href="Sugar%20Hill%20Records">Sugar Hill</a> label. With no banjo, they were more acoustic country than bluegrass. Chesapeake disbanded in 1999 when their contract with Sugar Hill ended.

Auldridge, Bennett & Gaudreau.
Out of the Chesapeake experience came a trio with Auldridge, Gaudreau, and guitarist Richard Bennett. This group released two albums: "Blue Lonesome Wind" and This Old Town.

Young Mando Monsters.
In 1994, Gaudreau produced "Mandolin Artistry: Vol 1.: Young Mando Monsters", an album showcasing <a href="Ronnie%20McCoury">Ronnie McCoury</a>, <a href="Adam%20Steffey">Adam Steffey</a>, Radim Zenkl, Emory Lester, Wayne Benson, <a href="Dan%20Tyminski">Dan Tyminski</a>, Raymond Legere, and Alan Bibey.

Solo recordings.
Gaudreau's solo career includes "The Mandolin Album" on Puritan Records. "In Good Company" on <a href="CMH%20Records">CMH Records</a> in 2006 collects tracks from Gaudreau's career, with Tony Rice, Eddie Adcock, and Charlie Waller, among others.

The Country Gentlemen Reunion Band.
As The Country Gentlemen Reunion Band, Gaudreau with Randy Waller (son of Charlie Waller), Eddie Adcock, and Tom Gray recorded one album in 2008.

Carolina Star.
Gaudreau joined Carolina Star with leader John Starling (guitar) and bandmates Mike Auldridge (resonator guitar), Rickie Simpkins (fiddle), Tom Gray (bass), <a href="Larry%20Stephenson">Larry Stephenson</a> (mandolin), and <a href="Jon%20Randall">Jon Randall</a> (guitar).

The Fine Group.
Gaudreau joined <a href="Robin%20and%20Linda%20Williams">Robin and Linda Williams</a> and Jim Watson as part of the Fine Group for several years.

Jimmy Gaudreau and Moondi Klein.
When Chesapeake split up, Gaudreau and vocalist Moondi Klein began to play the occasional show. This led to their 2008 album "2:10 Train", followed by "Home From the Mill" and then "If I Had A Boat", all released on <a href="Rebel%20Records">Rebel Records</a>. In 2008, Gaudreau and Klein toured with <a href="Emmylou%20Harris">Emmylou Harris</a>.

The Skylighters.
A group of Washington DC area musicians got together for fun in 2006, and decided to record as the Skylighters. The musicians were Gaudreau (mandolin, vocals), Auldridge (resonator guitar), Eric Brace (guitar, vocals), J. Carson Gray (bass), and Martin Lynds (drums, vocals). They played a mixture of bluegrass, western swing, gospel, and honky-tonk music, and recorded one self-titled album on the <a href="Red%20Beet%20Records">Red Beet</a> label.

Awards.
In 2005, Gaudreau was inducted into the Society for the Preservation of Bluegrass Music in America's "Hall of Greats".



















</doc>
<doc id="54793833" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54793833" title="Sung Tin Par">
Sung Tin Par

Sung Tin Par (; also spelt Sung Thin Par) is a prominent Burmese rock singer-musician of <a href="Chin%20people">ethnic Chin descent</a>. She rose to fame in 1998, and ended a 7 year hiatus from the music industry in December 2012, with the release of her fourth solo album, "Thit" (). She was selected to sing the <a href="2013%20Southeast%20Asian%20Games">2013 Southeast Asian Games</a>' official song, "Colorful Garden" () in December 2013.

Sung Tin Par was born in <a href="Rangoon">Rangoon</a>, Burma, to Pu Sang Nawn, a police officer, and Pi Nawn Tang. She was named by her grandmother; her name means "treasured flower" in the <a href="Kukish%20languages">Chin language</a>. A devout Christian, Sung married Sang Za Lian, also known as Htin Aung, on 5 May 2010. 




</doc>
<doc id="54793859" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54793859" title="Athletics at the 2017 Commonwealth Youth Games">
Athletics at the 2017 Commonwealth Youth Games

<a href="Athletics%20%28sport%29">Athletics</a> was one of the nine sports of the <a href="2017%20Commonwealth%20Youth%20Games">2017 Commonwealth Youth Games</a>. The events were staged at the <a href="Thomas%20Robinson%20Stadium">Thomas Robinson Stadium</a> in <a href="Nassau%2C%20Bahamas">Nassau, Bahamas</a> between 20 and 23 July, shortly after the <a href="2017%20World%20U18%20Championships%20in%20Athletics">2017 World U18 Championships in Athletics</a>.




</doc>
<doc id="54793860" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54793860" title="Josh Daicos">
Josh Daicos

Josh Daicos (born 26 November 1998) is a professional <a href="Australian%20rules%20football">Australian rules football</a>er playing for the <a href="Collingwood%20Football%20Club">Collingwood Football Club</a> in the <a href="Australian%20Football%20League">Australian Football League</a> (AFL). The son of <a href="Peter%20Daicos">Peter Daicos</a>, who played for Collingwood in the VFL/AFL, Josh played for the <a href="Oakleigh%20Chargers">Oakleigh Chargers</a> in the <a href="TAC%20Cup">TAC Cup</a> before he was drafted with pick 57 in the <a href="2016%20AFL%20draft%232016%20national%20draft">2016 national draft</a> under the <a href="father%E2%80%93son%20rule">father–son rule</a>. He made his debut in the eleven point loss to at the <a href="Melbourne%20Cricket%20Ground">Melbourne Cricket Ground</a> in round 22 of the <a href="2017%20AFL%20season">2017 season</a>. 



</doc>
<doc id="54793935" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54793935" title="Fair rubber association">
Fair rubber association

The Fair Rubber Association, Fair Rubber e.V., is a <a href="non-governmental%20organization">non-governmental organization</a> registered under German law. Its purpose is to apply the principles of <a href="fair%20trade">fair trade</a> to products made of <a href="natural%20rubber">natural rubber</a>, in order to help improve the working and living conditions in particular of the primary producers of natural rubber, i.e. the tappers and small farmers involved in the procurement of raw latex milk (raw rubber).

History of the Fair Rubber Association.
The first Fair Trade project for rubber was initiated in 2006 by FairDeal Trading Llp, a small British pioneer in Fairly Traded sports balls, trying to make their products environmentally sustainable, too: With more than 60% of a standard soccer ball consisting of rubber, the search was on to find suppliers willing to become partners in a Fair Trade rubber project. This private deal attracted the attention of a condom manufacturer and a mattress manufacturer in Germany, who put their products under the same Fair Trade conditions. As other companies became interested, in particular a household gloves trader from the US, it was time to set up an independent organization to independently run the Fair Trade project. Hence the Fair Rubber Association was founded on June 21st, 2012, and since its founding more traders and NGOs have joined.

Criteria for Fairly Traded Rubber.
The criteria for Fairly Traded natural rubber are closely aligned to the criteria of the Fair Trade Labelling Organization (FLO) International for tea. In India and Sri Lanka, from where the Fairly Traded natural rubber is sourced, tea and rubber plantations often belong to the same owners, and the workers are represented by the same trade unions. Furthermore it should be mentioned that Martin Kunz, the Executive Secretary of the Fair Rubber Association, during his time as general secretary of TransFair International (TFI) (the precursor to FLO) had a central role in establishing the criteria for Fair Trade-labelled tea. At the center of this first Fair Trade-labelled product from plantations, was a fixed extra payment per kilogram of produce traded. This Fair Trade premium was and is being paid into a separate bank account with the decision-making power resting with a joint body made up of a committee of elected members of the workforce and management delegates. The Fair Trade premium may only be used for the improvement of the working and living conditions of the plantation employees. In the case of small farmer associations, it is of course the association’s board which makes the decisions. The Fair Trade premium paid by the members of the Fair Rubber Association for Fairly Traded rubber is 0.50 EUR per kg of Dry Rubber Content (DRC) on top of the market price of rubber. Products, for which this Fair Trade premium has been paid, can be recognized by the Association's logo

Fairly Traded Rubber and the Environment.
In the opinion of the Fair Rubber Association, one key component of Fair Trade is to help in making the environment safer for producers and consumers, by promoting sustainability in products and production: Taking harmful chemicals out of farming is first and foremost of benefit to the primary producers. And on a more global scale: While natural rubber is not suitable for all applications (there are issues with deterioration in sunlight, cold, salt water …), natural rubber is far superior to synthetic rubbers when it comes to environmental benefits: Synthetic/artificial rubber is a petroleum based product, i.e. made with fossil energy, which contributes to global warming. On the other hand: The trees from which natural rubber is tapped, have such a high leaf density, that they absorb more carbon dioxide than even the tropical rain forest. 

Structure of the Fair Rubber Association.
The history of the project, and the experience of those that set it up, made it clear that Fair Trade cannot work properly without the expertise and co-operation of traders. Hence the Fair Rubber Association is set up as a multi-stakeholder initiative - where the best possible compromise is sought between social, environmental and commercial interests. However, the chairperson of the association always has to be someone who has no commercial interests in rubber.

Achievements of the Fair Rubber Association.
Fair Trade works best, when the product to which the concept is applied reaches the consumer as 'directly' as possible: Hence Fairly Traded condoms are, not surprisingly, one of the first products applying the Fair Trade criteria of the Fair Rubber Association. Other products include: Mattresses, household gloves, flip flops, balloons, hot water bottle, rubber boots, elastic bands, rubber band balls, … In its founding year and the first full year of its existence, the members of the Fair Rubber Association purchased almost 150 metric tons of natural rubber under the Association's criteria, which means Fair Trade premium payments of almost EUR 75,000. The workers who received this extra money used it, among other projects, to - secure safe drinking water (as a result of global warming previously safe water supplies are increasingly drying up); - arrange for electricity supply to a remote worker hamlet; - pay for a supplementary pension fund for retired plantation workers; - provide help for medical and other emergencies


</doc>
<doc id="54793999" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54793999" title="Marei (name)">
Marei (name)

Marei (Arabic: مرعي‎‎) is an Arabic name that may refer to




</doc>
<doc id="54794009" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54794009" title="Marei">
Marei

Marei may refer to



</doc>
<doc id="54794068" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54794068" title="Mr. Peter Hayden">
Mr. Peter Hayden

Mr. Peter Hayden (or PH) is a Finnish alternative metal band often filed under post-metal, spacerock or psychedelic doom. Group was formed in Kankaanpää, Finland in 2000. On their fourth album, "Eternal Hayden," group begun to refer to themselves just by their logo, the PH-monogram, leading to confusion what the band should be called. Since then all variations from Mr. Peter Hayden to PH have been used. Group is also part of the <a href="Wastement">Wastement</a> collective.

History.
Year 2006 marked the first official release in form of a 7-inch record, "First Cycle Complete." Next few years were spent touring with Galacticka. This co-operation later introduced a shared release, 10-inch split record. 

Debut album "Faster Than Speed" was released in August 2010. The two song album was dived deep into the concept of time and personal perceptions of it. Album was praised for its boldness in dodging every established genre definition, which made the record sound very unique. Two years later in May 2012 second full-length album "Born A Trip" followed, this time consisting of one track clocking over an hour. Praising feedback continued and more international recognition resulted an European tour and their first visit to <a href="Roadburn%20Festival">Roadburn Festival</a> the following year. Next year, in 2014 Mr. Peter Hayden finished their first album trilogy by releasing giant double album, consisting of one song divided on two CDs. "Archdimension Now" was released in Spring 2014 and was followed by another European tour, this time with <a href="Dark%20Buddha%20Rising">Dark Buddha Rising</a>. Later on summer album's release tour was completed with various appearances on major festivals in Finland, including <a href="Tuska%20Open%20Air%20Metal%20Festival">Tuska Open Air</a>, <a href="Provinssirock">Provinssirock</a> and <a href="Flow%20Festival">Flow Festival</a>.
In 2014 band released also a seven inch vinyl "We Fly High". This single did differ from the first three albums and gave an idea what would happen later on. It took almost three years of work and one-off gigs (including their second time in Roadburn Festival) before Mr. Peter Hayden released their fourth album "Eternal Hayden", their first on <a href="Svart%20Records">Svart Records</a>. Albums consisted of five songs and was shorter that any of their earlier ones, but the sound was still described as unique, shoegaze, space rock, heavy psychedelia and krautrock being mentioned. On this album group declared that from now on they will refer to themselves only by their PH monogram insignia, leading into confusion what the band should be called. In 2017 band toured Finland in support of album, only international show being the <a href="Roskilde%20Festival">Roskilde Festival</a> in Denmark.






</doc>
<doc id="54794089" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54794089" title="Carl-Georg Rasmussen">
Carl-Georg Rasmussen

Carl-Georg Rasmussen is a <a href="mechanical%20engineer">mechanical engineer</a> with a PhD in physics; an <a href="ecologist">ecologist</a> specializing in <a href="noise%20pollution">noise pollution</a>; and a small airplane pilot. He is the designer and manufacturer of the <a href="Leitra">Leitra</a> velomobile. <a href="velomobile">Velomobile</a>s were produced in the 1930s, but commercial production ended after the second world war. Rasmussen's Leitra, or "light individual transportation", was motivated by the oil crisis; it is the first commercial production velomobile using "modern" materials and designs.

Rasmussen was interested in daily transport and tours, which guided his design choices for the Leitra. He last owned a car in the 1980s. Rasmussen had an early Leitra confiscated in 1982 by <a href="Danish%20police">Danish police</a> as a dangerous vehicle; this led him get legal status of velomobiles in Denmark. Rasmussen also organizes velomobile tours.

Rasmussen rode a Leitra in the 1987 Paris-Brest-Paris (PBP). Although the Mochet <a href="Velocar">Velocar</a> is French, Rasmussen is probably the first PBP velomobile rider.

Rasmussen often rides 10,000 kms/year.


</doc>
<doc id="54794139" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54794139" title="Marai (name)">
Marai (name)

Marai may refer to the following people:





</doc>
<doc id="54794155" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54794155" title="Anthem of the Beiyang Fleet">
Anthem of the Beiyang Fleet

"Anthem of the Beiyang Fleet" () is the official anthem of <a href="Beiyang%20Fleet">Beiyang Fleet</a>, <a href="Qing%20Dynasty">Qing Dynasty</a>. This anthem was once lost in history, but a scholar called Yue Chen () re-found this anthem when he went to the United Kingdom in 2012. Then a composer Xue Ye () in <a href="People%27s%20Liberation%20Army">People's Liberation Army</a> adapt this anthem. The documentary "Rise and Fall of Beiyang Fleet" presented by CCTV uses this anthem as its <a href="theme%20music">theme music</a>.

Lyrics.
寶祚延庥萬國歡
<br>景星拱極五雲端
<br>海波澄碧春輝麗 
<br>旌節花間集鳳鑾




</doc>
<doc id="54794174" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54794174" title="Gourevitch">
Gourevitch

Gourevitch is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:



</doc>
<doc id="54794212" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54794212" title="End of Summer">
End of Summer

End of Summer may refer to:




</doc>
<doc id="54794238" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54794238" title="Ji Yoon-ho">
Ji Yoon-ho

Ji Yoon-Ho (born Yoon Byung-Ho on March 16, 1991) is a <a href="South%20Korea">South Korea</a>n actor.



</doc>
<doc id="54794244" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54794244" title="Blood Fest">
Blood Fest

Blood Fest is a horror-comedy film directed by Owen Egerton and starring <a href="Seychelle%20Gabriel">Seychelle Gabriel</a>, <a href="Robbie%20Kay">Robbie Kay</a>, and <a href="Jacob%20Batalon">Jacob Batalon</a>. Other cast members include <a href="Zachary%20Levi">Zachary Levi</a>, <a href="Barbara%20Dunkelman">Barbara Dunkelman</a>, <a href="Nick%20Rutherford">Nick Rutherford</a>, and <a href="Tate%20Donovan">Tate Donovan</a>.

Plot.
Sam (Seychelle Gabriel) and Dax (Robbie Kay) are best friends who, along with the hapless Krill (Jacob Batalon), must outwit the charismatic showman who runs an iconic horror-movie festival — who has a secret, diabolical agenda.



</doc>
<doc id="54794299" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54794299" title="Milutin Minja">
Milutin Minja

Milutin Minja () was a Yugoslav basketball player and coach.

Playing career.
Minja played for the <a href="BKK%20Radni%C4%8Dki">Radnički</a> and <a href="KK%20Crvena%20zvezda">Crvena zvezda</a>, both from <a href="Belgrade">Belgrade</a>, and for the <a href="Zrenjanin">Zrenjanin</a>-based team <a href="KK%20Proleter%20Zrenjanin">Proleter</a> of the <a href="Yugoslav%20First%20Basketball%20League">Yugoslav Basketball League</a>. During time with Proleter he won the National Championships.

Yugoslavia national team.
As a player for the <a href="Yugoslavia%20national%20basketball%20team">Yugoslavia national basketball team</a> Minja participated at three <a href="EuroBasket">European Championships</a> (<a href="EuroBasket%201955">1955</a> in <a href="Budapest">Budapest</a>, <a href="EuroBasket%201957">1957</a> in <a href="Sofia">Sofia</a> and <a href="EuroBasket%201959">1959</a> in <a href="Istanbul">Istanbul</a>). Also, he won a gold medal at <a href="Basketball%20at%20the%201959%20Mediterranean%20Games">1959 Mediterranean Games</a> in <a href="Lebanon">Lebanon</a>.

Coaching career.
Minja coached both <a href="KK%20Vojvodina">Vojvodina men's</a> and <a href="%C5%BDKK%20Vojvodina">women's team</a> from <a href="Novi%20Sad">Novi Sad</a> during 1970s.



</doc>
<doc id="54794307" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54794307" title="Tørrissen">
Tørrissen

Tørrissen is a Norwegian surname that may refer to


</doc>
<doc id="54794360" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54794360" title="Verhoef">
Verhoef

Verhoef is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:


See also


</doc>
<doc id="54794390" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54794390" title="Beardbrand">
Beardbrand

Beardbrand is an <a href="United%20States">American</a> <a href="Cosmetics">men's grooming</a> company based in <a href="Austin">Austin</a>, <a href="Texas">Texas</a>. It sells <a href="Cosmetic%20products">products</a> for grooming and styling <a href="beards">beards</a> and <a href="mustaches">mustaches</a>. In 2014, Beardbrand founder and <a href="CEO">CEO</a>, Eric Bandholz, appeared on an episode of the reality television series, <a href="Shark%20Tank">Shark Tank</a>.
Company history.
Prior to founding Beardbrand, Eric Bandholz worked as a financial advisor at <a href="Merrill%20Lynch">Merrill Lynch</a> in <a href="Spokane">Spokane</a>, <a href="Washington%20%28state%29">Washington</a>. Bandholz disapproved of the company's "no facial hair" policy and decided to leave in favor of starting a beard grooming company. In 2011, he attended a <a href="Startup%20Weekend">Startup Weekend</a> event in Spokane where he met Lindsey Reinders and Jeremy McGee. The three would go on to launch Beardbrand in Spokane in early 2012 along with a complementary <a href="Tumblr">Tumblr</a> blog, YouTube channel, and an online magazine called "Urban Beardsman" (a term, Bandholz coined).
Bandholz, Reinders, and McGee started with an initial financial capital of $8,000. None of them kept any profits from sales in the first 10 months of the company in an effort to keep it afloat. In January 2013, Bandholz was featured as a "beard expert" in an article for "<a href="The%20New%20York%20Times">The New York Times</a>". After the article was published, Beardbrand began aggressively marketing itself across several platforms like YouTube, Tumblr, and <a href="Reddit">Reddit</a>, and it also launched its online store.
The company relocated to Austin, Texas in 2014. On October 31, 2014, Bandholz appeared on an episode of ABC's "Shark Tank" in an effort to accrue more funding for Beardbrand. Bandholz asked for $400,000 in exchange for 15% of the company. After Bandholz gave his pitch, all five "sharks" (<a href="Mark%20Cuban">Mark Cuban</a>, <a href="Robert%20Herjavec">Robert Herjavec</a>, <a href="Lori%20Greiner">Lori Greiner</a>, <a href="Kevin%20O%27Leary">Kevin O'Leary</a>, and <a href="Daymond%20John">Daymond John</a>) declined to accept his deal.


</doc>
<doc id="54794422" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54794422" title="Tiger Rovers F.C">
Tiger Rovers F.C

Tiger Rovers Football Club is a <a href="Malaysia">Malaysian</a> <a href="semi-professional">semi-professional</a> <a href="Association%20football">football</a> club based in <a href="Kuala%20Lumpur">Setapak, Kuala Lumpur</a>, that competes in the <a href="Selangor%20League">Selangor League</a>, division one and Selangor F.A Cup. Founded in Oktober 2014 and the club's home ground is Ibukota Field in Taman Ibukota, Setapak, Kuala Lumpur.

Traning Ground.
Tiger Rovers F.C are based at Ibukota Field 5, located in Taman Ibukota, Setapak, <a href="Kuala%20Lumpur">Kuala Lumpur.</a> All their prepairation matches as well as training sessions will be from within the confines of the field. The field complete with facilities such as a toilet, indoor court, playground and a small gym facility. The field can currently train at night with <a href="Do%20it%20yourself">DIY</a> sportlight.

Sponsorship.
Tiger Rovers F.C are sponsored by a single sponsorship. These sponsorships also include partnerships in taking the club to higher levels.

In terms of venue, Tiger Rovers F.C are sponsored by a famous gadjet blog in Malaysia is the official main sponsor for the club, agreeing to a 1-year sponsorship in late 2017. To engage with people online and boost their popularity, 






Players.
Current squad.
"As of 29 July 2017"

References.
http://footplr.com/tigerroversfc

https://www.facebook.com/tigerroversfc

</doc>
<doc id="54794455" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54794455" title="Tawag ng Tanghalan (season 1)">
Tawag ng Tanghalan (season 1)

The first season of "<a href="Tawag%20ng%20Tanghalan">Tawag ng Tanghalan</a>" was a <a href="Philippines">Philippine</a> amateur singing competition aired as a segment of the noontime show "<a href="It%27s%20Showtime%20%28variety%20show%29">It's Showtime</a>" from January 2, 2016 to March 11, 2017.

It was hosted by <a href="Vice%20Ganda">Vice Ganda</a>, <a href="Vhong%20Navarro">Vhong Navarro</a>, <a href="Anne%20Curtis">Anne Curtis</a>, <a href="Amy%20Perez">Amy Perez</a> and <a href="Mariel%20Rodriguez">Mariel Rodriguez</a>. <a href="Rey%20Valera">Rey Valera</a>, <a href="Yeng%20Constantino">Yeng Constantino</a>, <a href="Louie%20Ocampo">Louie Ocampo</a>
and <a href="Tawag%20ng%20Tanghalan%23Regular%20Judges">others</a> served as the competition judges.

<a href="Noven%20Belleza">Noven Belleza</a> emerged as the grand champion for the first season that spanned a year (2016-2017).

Semi Finals.
The final score of each Semi-Finalist will be the combined "hurados" (judges') scores (50%) and public text votes (50%) during the week-long competition.

Quarter I.
The first quarter of the contest covered the months from January to March. The week-long showdown took place on March 28–April 2, 2016.

Maricel Callo (Mindanao) and Mary Gidget Dela Llana (Luzon) were the first two grand finalists.

Quarter II.
The second quarter of the contest covered the months of April and May. The week-long showdown took place on June 6–11, 2016.

Pauline Agupitan (Luzon) and Marielle Montellano (Visayas) were announced as the 3rd and 4th grand finalists.

Quarter III.
The third quarter of the contest covered the months from June to September. The week-long showdown took place on October 3–8, 2016.

Eumee Capile (Luzon) and <a href="Noven%20Belleza">Noven Belleza</a> (Visayas) were announced as the 5th and 6th grand finalists.

Quarter IV.
The fourth quarter of the contest covered the months from Originally October 2016 to December 2016, later October 2016 to February 2017. The week-long showdown was originally scheduled for December 2016, but was postponed to February 20–25, 2017.

Carlmalone Montecido (Visayas) and Sam Mangubat (Luzon) were announced as the 7th and 8th grand finalists.

Wildcard.
All semi-finalists who lost were now "Ultimate Resbakers". They competed again and had another chance to qualify for the Grand Finals. The week-long showdown took place on February 27–March 4, 2017.
Rachel Gabreza (Metro Manila) and Froilan Canlas (Luzon) were announced as the 9th and 10th grand finalists.

Grand Finals.
The week-long showdown for the Grand Finals took place on March 6–11, 2017 held at <a href="Resorts%20World%20Manila">Resorts World Manila</a>.

<a href="Noven%20Belleza">Noven Belleza</a> from <a href="Visayas">Visayas</a> emerged as the Grand Champion, followed by Sam Mangubat and Froilan Canlas as runners-up.


</doc>
<doc id="54794485" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54794485" title="Robert Dalziel">
Robert Dalziel

Robert Dalziel may refer to:



</doc>
<doc id="54794487" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54794487" title="Guwahati–Mariani Intercity Express">
Guwahati–Mariani Intercity Express

The 15717 / 18 Guwahati - Mariani Junction Intercity Express is an <a href="Superfast/Mail%20Trains%20in%20India">Express</a> train belonging to <a href="Indian%20Railways">Indian Railways</a> <a href="Northeast%20Frontier%20Railway%20zone">Northeast Frontier Railway zone</a> that runs between and in <a href="India">India</a>.

It operates as train number 15717 from to and as train number 15718 in the reverse direction serving the states of <a href="Assam">Assam</a>.

Coaches.
The 15717 / 18 Guwahati - Mariani Junction Intercity Express has nine general unreserved & two SLR (seating with luggage rake) coaches. It does not carry a <a href="Dining%20car">pantry car coach</a>.

As is customary with most train services in India, coach composition may be amended at the discretion of Indian Railways depending on demand.

Service.
The 15717 - Intercity Express covers the distance of in 11 hours 15 mins (36 km/hr) & in 10 hours 30 mins as the 15718 - Intercity Express (38 km/hr).

As the average speed of the train is lower than , as per railway rules, its fare doesn't include a Superfast surcharge.

Routing.
The 15717 / 18 Guwahati - Mariani Junction Intercity Express runs from via , , to .

Traction.
As the route is going to electrification, a based <a href="ALCO%20DL510C">WDM-3D</a> diesel locomotive pulls the train to its destination.



</doc>
<doc id="54794573" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54794573" title="Morgante (surname)">
Morgante (surname)

Morgante is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:



</doc>
<doc id="54794591" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54794591" title="Prins Gunasekera">
Prins Gunasekera

Prins Gunasekera (born 17 July 1924) was a <a href="Ceylonese">Ceylonese</a> politician, who represented the <a href="Habaraduwa%20Electoral%20District">Habaraduwa electorate</a> in the Galle district.

Gunasekera was born on 17 July 1924 in Kataluwa, a village in <a href="Habaraduwa">Habaraduwa</a>. He was educated at the Kataluwa Government Boys School, Sri Sumangala Vidyalaya, <a href="Weligama">Weligama</a> and <a href="Ananda%20College">Ananda College</a>, <a href="Colombo">Colombo</a>. He obtained a degree from the <a href="University%20of%20London">University of London</a>, as an external student, before entering the <a href="Sri%20Lanka%20Law%20College">Ceylon Law College</a>, becoming an <a href="Attorneys%20in%20Sri%20Lanka">Attorney at Law</a> in 1955. Gunasekera worked as a journalist for the "<a href="Lankadeepa%20%28Ceylon%29">Lankadeepa</a>" newspaper, later becoming it's chief sub-editor.

In 1956 he was one of the founding members of the <a href="Mahajana%20Eksath%20Peramuna">Mahajana Eksath Peramuna</a> (People's United Front) where he was elected as the co-secretary to the party and <a href="Philip%20Gunawardena">Philip Gunawardena</a>'s secretary. Gunawardena requested that he contest for the seat of <a href="Horana%20Electoral%20District">Horana</a>, on behalf of the party at the <a href="Ceylonese%20parliamentary%20election%2C%201956">1956 parliamentary elections</a> but he refused due to his work commitments.

Gunasekera was elected to parliament, representing the <a href="Mahajana%20Eksath%20Peramuna">Mahajana Eksath Peramuna</a>, as the member for the newly created seat of <a href="Habaraduwa%20Electoral%20District">Habaraduwa</a>, at the <a href="Ceylonese%20parliamentary%20election%2C%20March%201960">4th parliamentary election</a>s held on 19 March 1960. However, as neither of the major political parties managed to obtain a sufficient majority a new election was called. At the subsequent <a href="Ceylonese%20parliamentary%20election%2C%20July%201960">July 1960 election</a>s Gunasekera suffered a heavy loss to the <a href="Sri%20Lanka%20Freedom%20Party">Sri Lanka Freedom Party</a> candidate, <a href="D.%20S.%20Goonesekera">D. S. Goonesekera</a>.

At the <a href="Ceylonese%20parliamentary%20election%2C%201965">parliamentary elections in 1965</a> he ran as an independent, successfully regaining the Habaraduwa electorate. At the <a href="Ceylonese%20parliamentary%20election%2C%201970">Ceylonese parliamentary election, 1970</a> he was re-elected, however this time as the Sri Lanka Freedom Party (SLFP) candidate. In 1971 he left the SLFP, following differences of opinion with <a href="Prime%20Minister%20of%20Sri%20Lanka">Prime Minister</a> <a href="Sirimavo%20Bandaranaike">Sirimavo Bandaranaike</a>, and continued as an independent member of parliament, although between 1972 and 1975 he worked with the United National Party members, who were in opposition. 


</doc>
<doc id="54794620" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54794620" title="Boules sports at the 2017 World Games">
Boules sports at the 2017 World Games

The <a href="boules%20sports">boules sports</a> tournament at the <a href="2017%20World%20Games">2017 World Games</a> in <a href="Wroc%C5%82aw">Wrocław</a> was played between 22 and 24 July. 94 competitors, from 27 nations, participated in the tournament. The boules sports competition took place at <a href="Centennial%20Hall">Centennial Hall</a> in <a href="Lower%20Silesian%20Voivodeship">Lower Silesian Voivodeship</a>.

Participating nations.
94 competitors, from 27 nations, participated in the tournament.


</doc>
<doc id="54794624" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54794624" title="Julien Belin">
Julien Belin

Julien Belin was a French composer and <a href="lutenist">lutenist</a> active in the second half of the 16th century, died after 1584.

Biography.
The only elements one possesses about his life come from the "Bibliothèque de La Croix Du Maine": He is said to be a "Manceau"", therefore a native of <a href="Le%20Mans">Le Mans</a> or surroundings in 1584 in the <a href="Maine%20%28province%29">Maine</a>.

His collection, published in 1556, reveals René de Saint-François, the great archdeacon of Le Mans, as a probable protector, and shows him as a capable luthist, developing his own style, notwithstanding the influence of luthists <a href="Francesco%20Canova%20da%20Milano">Francesco Canova da Milano</a> and <a href="Albert%20de%20Rippe">Albert de Rippe</a>.

Works.
In 1556, he published his "Premier livre contenant plusieurs motetz, chansons & fantasies reduictz en tabulature de leut" by <a href="Nicolas%20Du%20Chemin">Nicolas Du Chemin</a> in Paris. with a dedicace to René de Saint-François.: read online <a href="http%3A//imslp.org/wiki/Premier_Livre_contenant_plusieurs_Motetz%2C_Chansons%2C_et_Fantasies_%2528Belin%2C_Julien%2529">here</a>. Modern edition by Michel Renault: Éditions du <a href="CNRS">CNRS</a>, 1976 (series "Le Chœur des Muses : Corpus des luthistes français").

The collection contains:
The analysis of the pieces reveals that Belin was influenced by the style of Albert de Rippe (of whom he was perhaps a pupil).





</doc>
<doc id="54794644" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54794644" title="RAF Aird Uig">
RAF Aird Uig

Royal Air Force Aird Uig (or more simply RAF Aird Uig) was a <a href="Royal%20Air%20Force">Royal Air Force</a> <a href="RADAR">RADAR</a> station located on the western edge of the <a href="Isle%20of%20Lewis">Isle of Lewis</a> in the <a href="Outer%20Hebrides">Outer Hebrides</a>, Scotland. The base was located at the edge of the village of Aird Uig, with the actual RADAR site being further north.

The base was originally constructed as part of the <a href="ROTOR">ROTOR programme</a> and it was operated by the <a href="List%20of%20Royal%20Air%20Force%20Ground%20Trades">communications ground trades</a> of the RAF between 1954 and 1974. After ROTOR, the site continued in RAF use as a communications station and RADAR site until 2000, when the responsibilities of the base were moved to <a href="RAF%20Buchan">RAF Buchan</a>, near <a href="Peterhead">Peterhead</a> in <a href="Aberdeenshire">Aberdeenshire</a>. The site was then taken over by <a href="NATO">NATO</a> as a communications hub before being vacated completely by the military in 2010. The main masts and operations room were located north of the village of <a href="Aird%20Uig">Aird Uig</a> on Gallan Head, with a separate domestic site nearer to the village. In its later years, <a href="No.%20112%20Signals%20Unit%20RAF">No. 112 Signals Unit</a> at <a href="RAF%20Stornoway">RAF Stornoway</a> provided the staffing for the day-to-day operation of the site. 

There are plans to recondition the site and open it to the public as a tourist attraction, observatory and whale listening post.

History.
During the <a href="Second%20World%20War">Second World War</a>, a hut was placed on the site so that locals who were enlisted in the <a href="Auxiliary%20Coastguard%20Service">Auxiliary Coastguard Service</a> could keep watch for enemy ships. The site is believed to have a been a look-out point going as far back as the time of the <a href="Viking">Viking</a> invasions. The site was first identified by the RAF in 1950 and construction started soon afterwards as part of the ROTOR 3 programme. The base at Aird Uig was one of three in the ROTOR 3 programme that covered the north west of Scotland and were to be the first detection modules for the threat of low flying aircraft attacking from that direction. The other two in the system were located at <a href="Faraid%20Head">Faraid Head</a> and <a href="RAF%20Saxa%20Vord">Saxa Vord</a>. All three sites had a control building (known as an R10) sited above ground, whereas, in previous ROTOR programmes, the control building was normally a bunker.

The base operated, initially, between 1954 and 1974 being worked by elements of the Royal Air Force with a working population of 170 service personnel. After 1974, the site fulfilled a need for RAF communications in a maritime context by using a <a href="Low%20Frequency">Low Frequency</a> (LF) transmitter. Various RAF Signals Units (SU) operated out of the site (No. 71 SU worked the base between 1957 and 1960). No. 81 SU worked at the site after the RADAR had closed down and were involved in <a href="High%20Frequency">High Frequency</a> (HF) communications, which routinely only needed a bare minimum of two staff to man the site. 

There was a domestic site that was sandwiched between the radar base at Gallan Head and the village of <a href="Aird%20Uig">Aird Uig</a>. This had accommodation, the <a href="NAAFI">NAAFI</a>, a cinema and small medical facilities, though any serious issues would have to be dealt with at <a href="RAF%20Stornoway">RAF Stornoway</a> on the eastern side of the island.

In 1998 the site was temporarily shut down on account of corrosion on the antenna. It was also subject to complaints from the local population in terms of the threat of non-ionising radiation. The MoD had said that there was no threat in a letter to the people living nearby, but they would test the site again before it was re-started in 1999.

After the RAF left in 2000, the mast was dismantled and the buildings left abandoned. NATO used the site as a communications station for their maritime traffic from 2003 onwards. NATO installed 14 new masts at the site to enable a <a href="Ship-Shore-Ship%20Buffer">Ship-Shore-Ship Buffer</a> (SSSB) to operate from the base. This was controlled remotely from <a href="RAF%20Buchan">RAF Buchan</a>, but when Buchan was closed down, this was then worked from <a href="RAF%20Boulmer">RAF Boulmer</a> in <a href="Northumberland">Northumberland</a>. Whilst some new building took place, the site was abandoned for a second time in 2010.

Post-military use.
In 2015, it was announced that the local community had received £200,000 worth of funding from the Scottish Land Fund (SLF) to buy the site and turn it into a visitor centre. The funding would be used by the Gallan Head Community Trust to convert the site and build a visitor centre, gallery, observatory and they also intend to install underwater microphones to allow the public to listen in to whales and other sea mammals. 

Applications were being made by the community for MoD funding to allow renovation of the site as, apart from the masts and some ancillary equipment, most of the buildings were left standing and abandoned. The headland itself has also been opened up to the public, with some areas adjacent to the coastline being accessible for the first time in over 60 years.



</doc>
<doc id="54794657" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54794657" title="Patricia Wilde">
Patricia Wilde

Patricia Wilde (born 1928 in <a href="Ottawa">Ottawa, Canada</a>) is a former principal ballerina of <a href="New%20York%20City%20Ballet">New York City Ballet</a>, where she danced every major role in the repertoire, many of them created especially for her by <a href="George%20Balanchine">George Balanchine</a>. Following her retirement from NYCB she would become a famed ballet mistress and teacher. In 1982 she was appointed artistic director of <a href="Pittsburgh%20Ballet%20Theatre">Pittsburgh Ballet Theatre</a> where she served until 1997. She is a recipient of the <a href="Dance%20Magazine">Dance Magazine</a> Award and the 56th Inductee into the <a href="National%20Museum%20of%20Dance%20and%20Hall%20of%20Fame">National Museum of Dance Hall of Fame</a>. Her biography "Wilde Times: Patricia Wilde, George Balanchine and the Rise of New York City Ballet", by Joel Lobenthal was published in 2015 by the <a href="University%20Press%20of%20New%20England">University Press of New England</a>.

Early Life and Career.
Born Patricia Lorrain-Ann White, Wilde was raised with her two older sisters on their single mother's rugged family estate until its land was appropriated by the Canadian government. At 13, she came to NYC with her sister Nora to study at the <a href="School%20of%20American%20Ballet">School of American Ballet</a>. She began her career a year later with American Concert Ballet and went on to perform with International Ballet of the Marquis de Cuevas, and <a href="Ballet%20Russe%20de%20Monte%20Carlo">Ballet Russe de Monte Carlo</a> where she would remain as principal dancer for four years during which time she worked extensively with George Balanchine, who was serving as the Ballets Russes' chief choreographer at the time. 

Following Balanchine's departure, Wilde took off to further her ballet study in Europe. While there she spent a year working with <a href="Roland%20Petit">Ballet Roland Petit</a> and Ballet Metropolitan of England before being recruited by Balanchine in 1950 to join his newly formed <a href="New%20York%20City%20Ballet">New York City Ballet</a>. At City Ballet, emboldened by the fact that "I can ask her to do anything", Balanchine created over 18 original roles for her, including the Highland Girl in Scotch Symphony, the Pas de Trois in "Swan Lake", and Glinka Pas de Trois, Square Dance, Waltz-Scherzo, Native Dancers, and Raymonda Variations. As a star, Wilde would tour with the company internationally to critical acclaim on the stages of the world’s legendary theaters: the Bolshoi, the Kirov, La Scala, Covent Garden, and the Paris Opera as well as in the Philippines, Japan, and Australia.

Wilde left City Ballet in 1965 to start a family though she remained active in dance as a teacher and coach. That same year, she was invited by Rebecca Harkness to become the director of The <a href="Harkness%20Ballet">Harkness Ballet School</a>. She left Harkness to teach at the <a href="School%20of%20American%20Ballet">School of American Ballet</a> and at the request of Balanchine, to assist him in forming the school of . In 1969 she was appointed ballet mistress and company teacher for <a href="American%20Ballet%20Theatre">American Ballet Theatre</a> and then the director of its school. While directing the school at ABT, Wilde would mold the early careers of <a href="Cynthia%20Harvey">Cynthia Harvey</a>, <a href="Susan%20Jaffe">Susan Jaffe</a>, Gregory Osborne, Peter Fonseca, and Lawrence Pech. Acknowledged as one of the first to achieve and conquer the blistering speed which Balanchine demanded in his works, Wilde's teaching was considered essential to understanding his style. 

In 1982, she was recruited as the artistic director of <a href="Pittsburgh%20Ballet%20Theatre">Pittsburgh Ballet Theatre</a>, the fourth director in the company's history. During her time at PBT she expanded the repertoire to include the works of Balanchine, Fokine, Tudor, Nijinska, Ashton, Paul Taylor, and the 19th-century classics. Additionally she grew the company's school and financial coiffures, established a dancer retirement fund, oversaw the building of new headquarters, and nurtured the choreographic career of <a href="Ohad%20Naharin">Ohad Naharin</a>. Wilde stepped down as PBT's director in 1997. Currently she serves as a highly regarded master teacher around the world. 

Awards and Recognition.
In 2013, in recognition of "her invaluable work as an educator, dancer and director” Wilde was awarded the Dance Magazine Award. On August 3, 2016, she was officially inducted into the Mr. and Mrs. Cornelius Vanderbilt Whitney Dance Hall of Fame, in Saratoga Springs, New York.

Personal Life.
Wilde met George Bardyguine, a technical director and stage manager for dance from Moscow, while on tour with New York City Ballet in Spain in 1952. After marrying they would have one son who they raised alongside Bardyguine's daughter from a previous relationship. They would remain married until Bardyguine's death at 74 in 1994.


</doc>
<doc id="54794842" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54794842" title="Robert Mortimer Montgomery">
Robert Mortimer Montgomery

Robert Mortimer Montgomery KC (October 1869 – 31 December 1948), was a British lawyer and <a href="Liberal%20Party%20%28UK%29">Liberal Party</a> politician.
Background.
Montgomery was born the son of Rev. J.K. Montgomery, Unitarian Minister, Chester, and Mary M’Alister of Holywood, near Belfast. He was educated at <a href="King%27s%20School%2C%20Chester">King's School, Chester</a> and <a href="St%20Catherine%27s%20College%2C%20Oxford">St Catherine’s Society, Oxford</a>. In 1900 he married Mabel Ayrton. They had one sons and one daughter. In 1932 he married Zilla Mary Stevenson. They had two sons.
Professional career.
Montgomery was Called to Bar, Inner Temple, 1893. He was appointed a <a href="KC">KC</a> in 1914. He was Recorder of Chester from 1926.
Political career.
Montgomery was Liberal candidate for the <a href="Crewe%20%28UK%20Parliament%20constituency%29">Crewe</a> division of <a href="Cheshire">Cheshire</a> at the 1923 General Election. He was an independent Member of Committee on Holidays with Pay in 1938.


</doc>
<doc id="54794852" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54794852" title="Arthur and Leontine">
Arthur and Leontine

Arthur and Leontine (Czech: Artur a Leontýna) is a 1940 Czech <a href="comedy%20film">comedy film</a> directed by <a href="%20Miroslav%20Josef%20Krnansk%C3%BD%20"> Miroslav Josef Krnanský </a> and starring <a href="%20Jir%C3%AD%20Dohnal"> Jirí Dohnal</a>, <a href="L%C3%ADda%20Baarov%C3%A1">Lída Baarová</a> and <a href="Frantisek%20Smol%C3%ADk">Frantisek Smolík</a>.

The film's sets were designed by the <a href="art%20director">art director</a> <a href="Jan%20Z%C3%A1zvorka">Jan Zázvorka</a>.

It was made during the <a href="Protectorate%20of%20Bohemia%20and%20Moravia">German occupation</a> of <a href="Czechoslovakia">Czechoslovakia</a>.

Synopsis.
A wealthy <a href="playboy">playboy</a> leads an irresponsible life until he meets an attractive and hard-working woman who leads him to transform his ways.




</doc>
<doc id="54794869" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54794869" title="Tram types in Adelaide">
Tram types in Adelaide

The <a href="trams%20in%20Adelaide">tram network</a> in <a href="Adelaide">Adelaide</a> was converted from horse-drawn trams to <a href="electric%20tram">electric tram</a>s between 1909 and 1914. Most of the tram network was closed in the 1950s, and began expanding again in the 21st century.

From 1908 to 1909, a hundred electric trams were manufactured by <a href="Duncan%20%26amp%3B%20Fraser">Duncan & Fraser</a> of Adelaide at a cost of approximately £100 each. Up to its last tram purchase in 1953, the <a href="Municipal%20Tramways%20Trust">Municipal Tramways Trust</a> commissioned over three hundred electric trams, some of which have been kept in service for over seventy-five years. <a href="TransAdelaide">TransAdelaide</a>, the publicly owned company then operating Adelaide trams, began introducing a new type of tram in January 2006 in the form of the Bombardier Flexity Classic. Another new series of trams (Alstom Citadis) started to enter service in December 2009. They have been taken over by its successor organisation, <a href="Adelaide%20Metro">Adelaide Metro</a>.

Tram types.
Type A.
A type trams were the first electric trams to be used for public transport in Adelaide.

They were four-wheeler California 'combination' pattern. Combination meant a combination of half saloon (enclosed cabin) and half open space. The open crossbench seats at either end combined with the center saloon seated a total of forty passengers. A further 60 persons could be carried standing, making a '<a href="crush%20load">crush load</a>' of 100.

Seventy were built between 1908 and 1909 by local coachmakers <a href="Duncan%20%26amp%3B%20Fraser">Duncan & Fraser</a>. They were fitted with running gear and electrical equipment from England and the United States.

They pioneered routes as they opened to <a href="Kensington%2C%20South%20Australia">Kensington</a>, <a href="Marryatville%2C%20South%20Australia">Marryatville</a>, <a href="Maylands%2C%20South%20Australia">Maylands</a>, <a href="Payneham%2C%20South%20Australia">Payneham</a>, <a href="Walkerville%2C%20South%20Australia">Walkerville</a>, <a href="North%20Adelaide">North Adelaide</a>, <a href="Parkside%2C%20South%20Australia">Parkside</a>, <a href="Unley%2C%20South%20Australia">Unley</a> and <a href="Hyde%20Park%2C%20South%20Australia">Hyde Park</a>. Later on they were relegated to the quieter routes such as <a href="Croydon%2C%20South%20Australia">Croydon</a> and <a href="Port%20Adelaide">Port Adelaide</a> as larger trams became available and were gradually retired from the 1930s. The last A type tram ran in 1952.

Type A trams were the most common on the newly opened lines with seventy of the initial hundred trams made in this single truck combination style. They incorporated a closed central saloon and open crossbenches on the same tram. Capable of up to , they had a seating capacity of twenty in the saloons with an additional twenty in the open benches. The bodies were made by Duncan & Fraser, who had built horse tram cars for the AS&T as well as bodies of electric trams for <a href="Trams%20in%20Melbourne">Melbourne service</a>. All 70 A type trams were originally fitted with Brill Winner style seats in the saloon section but in 1937, 20 cars (numbers unknown) had their seats replaced with Hale Kilburn fixed rattan seats, removed out of the 20 C type cars. The removed A type seats were then fitted into the C type trams. These trams were never fitted with airbrakes throughout their service lives and instead used a handbrake for normal use and a magnetic track brake for emergency use.
On 9 March 1909 the first type A was the lead car in the procession at the tramway systems official opening. From 1917, 6 A type trams were used on the isolated Port Adelaide system which closed in 1935. During the last part of 1936, tram 100 was briefly renumbered 100A, E1 type tram 101 having been temporarily renumbered 100 for its part in the South Australian Centenary celebrations in 1936 (more details in the E1 type section). A type 100 had its original number restored soon after. Most were removed from the lines and stored in the 1930s, returning to service in 1941 due to petrol rationing increasing passenger numbers. Fifty-eight were permanently joined in "Bib and Bub" (named after comic characters by <a href="May%20Gibbs">May Gibbs</a>) pairs to conserve manpower and used this way until 1950. Although the bib and bub pairs still required a conductor per tram to collect fares, they needed only one driver per pair resulting in a twenty-five percent reduction in labour. All type As were withdrawn from service by May 1952, with the formerly coupled trams being the last to go. Tram 30 was withdrawn from service three months earlier in February 1952 after sustaining accident damage. Many were sold for use as shacks, although trams 10, 69 and 92 had been sold in 1936 to the <a href="State%20Electricity%20Commission%20of%20Victoria">State Electricity Commission of Victoria</a>.

The 58 A type trams that were coupled into the 'Bib and Bub' sets were formed as follows:
1/2, 4/5, 6/12, 8/9, 11/13, 14/16, 17/18, 19/20, 21/23, 22/24, 25/26, 27/28, 29/30, 61/64, 62/65, 66/68, 70/72, 71/74, 73/75, 76/78, 77/79, 80/81, 82/83, 84/86, 85/88, 87/89, 90/91, 94/95, 97/98.
Type A1.
Seventeen B type 'toastrack' trams were rebuilt by Duncan & Fraser (though it is believed that car 45 was rebuilt in house by the MTT at Hackney Workshops) were converted into A1 type 'California Combination' trams, similar to the A and later C types although the ends didn't drop down on the A1s. They were converted primarily for the isolated Port Adelaide tram system which was run by the MTT and ran between 1917 and 1935. These trams retained their previous B type numbers (refer to fleet table above). All cars had Hale Kilburn fixed rattan seating in the saloon except for car 44 which had wooden seats running along the sides of the saloon. Wooden seating was fitted to the open ends and these cars had the same passenger capacity (seated as well as 'crush load') as the A type. These trams were never fitted with airbrakes throughout their service lives and instead used a handbrake for normal use and a magnetic track brake for emergency use.

All of these cars entered service on the Port Adelaide tram system from 1917 and ran in service there until final closure of the system in 1935. Several were withdrawn from service after closure and were stored in Port Adelaide depot, then transferred to Hackney Depot/Workshops until they were scrapped. After closure of the Port Adelaide system, a few A1 type trams managed to see quite varied 'inoperable' use by the MTT. Car 44 was used as a first aid room at Hackney Depot between 1946 and 1961. Cars 45, 48 and 52 were used as store rooms at Hackney Workshops to house the spare parts originally ordered for the proposed H1 fleet, a 'service' they finished in 1954. Car 47 was used as a lunch room at Hackney Workshops while car 50 was partly converted into a 'driver instruction' car in the early 1950s. The work involved mounting the body of car 50 onto the <a href="underframe">underframe</a> and running gear of sprinkler car S2. This work was however never completed. A few of the A1 type trams managed to see further service after the closure of the Port Adelaide system and were transferred to the main system. Like the A type, 4 A1 type trams were converted into coupled sets known as 'Bib and Bub' sets. The trams involved were 55/56 and 57/58. These cars were the last A1 type trams to be withdrawn from service in November 1950 along with the sets of A type trams not converted back into single car operation. They were subsequently scrapped.
Type A2.
The A2 type trams were again converted from B type 'toast rack' trams and also entered service on the Port Adelaide tram system in 1917, although the conversion work was this time undertaken in house by the MTT at Hackney Workshops. Unlike the A1 type which had traditional wooden sides, the A2 type trams had flat steel plates fitted and rivetted to the sides forming the saloon. Unlike the A, A1 and C types, the A2s had three large windows instead of 5 as per the other types. Despite the different body work for the saloon section, the seating and standing capacity for these trams were the same as the A, A1 and C types. These trams were never fitted with airbrakes throughout their service lives and instead used a handbrake for normal use and a magnetic track brake for emergency use.

The A2 type were introduced for service onto the Port Adelaide system in 1917 and ran until closure of the system in the 1930s. However, they were transferred to Hackney Workshops where they remained until 1946. During that year, the bodies of 41 and 43 were sold (and eventually found their way to the Fleurieu Peninsula, where they reportedly still remain) but 42 was retained at Hackney Workshops so it could store advertising material. It remained in this capacity until 1958 when it was made available to the <a href="Tramway%20Museum%2C%20St%20Kilda">Tramway Museum, St Kilda</a> for eventual restoration. It has since been rebuilt into its original B type configuration.

Type B.
Along with the seventy A type trams, 30 four-wheel cars, with completely open sides and eventually to become known as <a href="toast%20rack">toast rack</a>s, were also purchased to start the system. Most of these trams were retired by the mid-1930s.

Being open to all weather they were not suitable for the colder times of the year. In 1926/27, twenty were enclosed and styled A1 and A2 type cars and one was converted to assist with track-work. The open cars carried fifty passengers seated and fifty standing for a crush-load of 100, the same as the A type trams.

They were open trams with passengers seated on cross-benches, and no weather protection on the cars' sides. Duncan & Fraser built them with summer excursions in mind but they had limited utility due to the lack of weather proofing. These trams were never fitted with airbrakes throughout their service lives and instead used a handbrake for normal use and a magnetic track brake for emergency use.

The 'toast-rack' design of the cars made them popular during summer and were used to transport concert-goers to transit authority arranged concerts at <a href="Kensington%20Gardens%2C%20South%20Australia">Kensington Gardens</a> as well as beach-side suburbs Henley and <a href="Semaphore%2C%20South%20Australia">Semaphore</a>. This arrangement added handsomely to the revenue of the transit authority. Most of these trams were retired by the mid-1930s.

Twenty of the cars were converted to combination trams in 1917 and redesignated as types A1 and A2. B type 38 was rebuilt in 1929 as a ballast motor for use on the Glenelg line conversion. The rebuild involved removal of the entire body work and most of the end cabins with the trolley pole mounted on a steel pole in the middle of the now all flat deck. All type B, A1 or A2 cars, except for trams 38 and 42, were withdrawn from service in 1936 and scrapped in 1946. Some vehicles (including 42) found other uses around Hackney depot such as store rooms and even as a fuel tank in the case of B 38 which was converted to that use after some years as a ballast motor.
Type E.
Twenty of the 1910 seventy-car D type order from Pengelly & Co were styled as the E type. They were similar to the 'D type trams except that the smoking section was more open and had less protection from the weather. The crossbench seats meant that the conductor had to collect fares from the footboard.

During 1936 the twenty E type cars were converted to full saloon and designated type E1. These cars were eventually used on the <a href="Glen%20Osmond%2C%20South%20Australia">Glen Osmond</a> - <a href="St%20Peters%2C%20South%20Australia">St Peters</a> line. Some survived until 1958. Like the D type trams they carried 54 seated passengers and 100 standing.

Due to public antipathy to imported trams, type E trams were built by <a href="JG%20Brill%20Company">JG Brill Company</a> in <a href="Philadelphia">Philadelphia</a>, United States, then imported in parts and assembled by Pengelley & Co of Adelaide from 1910 to 1912. They were partially open trams with passengers sitting on cross bench seats and a closed saloon at one end. As combination trams, the E type could carry 54 seated passengers with a total 'crush load' of 150. In 1918, all 20 E type cars were remotored with more powerful GE 201 traction motors (rated at 65 hp each) replacing the original GE 202 units (rated at 50 hp each). The original traction motors were used in the construction of the 20 C type 'Desert Gold' cars which were being built at the same time.

Their main use was on the Glen Osmond and St Peters routes, also taking picnic parties to Burnside and Magill. Type E trams were rebuilt into type E1 in 1936. Tram 118 was acquired by the <a href="Tramway%20Museum%2C%20St%20Kilda">Tramway Museum, St Kilda</a> as an E1 type but is currently being converted back to its original E type configuration as well as being returned to operational order.

Type E1.
When converted from Type E trams, the crossbenches were removed and the saloon extended the entire car length. The original timber saloon seats were transferred to the newly converted saloon section while the original saloon received new upholstered seating. One of the original crossbenches (attached to the motorman's bulkhead) was retained after conversion. As before conversion, these trams were used mainly on the Glen Osmond and St Peters routes. Tram 101 was temporarily renumbered 100, painted in ivory and gold, and used in the 1936 South Australian centenary celebrations.

Type D.
Between 1910 and 1912, seventy bogie cars were built by Adelaide coach builders Pengelly & Co and added to the MTT fleet to help service with the electric system.

When they were introduced, they were the largest public transport unit in operation and carried 154 passengers in total (54 seated and 100 standing). Fifty of these cars were styled D types and officially known as 'Closed Combination Metropolitan Bogie Cars. 'Combination' referred to the half-enclosed half-open nature of the cabin design while 'Closed' referred to the sliding doors enclosing the 'open' section.

Four D type trams were built by Duncan & Fraser in 1912 for a <a href="Trams%20in%20Melbourne">Melbourne tramway</a>. The trams were retired by <a href="Melbourne%20%26amp%3B%20Metropolitan%20Tramways%20Board">Melbourne & Metropolitan Tramways Board</a>' in an effort to standardise their fleet. These trams were returned to Adelaide and added to the existing D type fleet.

Their high steps made them unpopular with travellers. The D type trams operated until 1958.

Similar to Type E with crossbenches and a saloon, type D trams also had sliding doors at the end of the benches giving weather protection. Four similar cars were built in 1912 for the <a href="Malvern%20tram%20depot">Prahan & Malvern</a> Tramways Trust, Melbourne, on sold to the <a href="Melbourne%20%26amp%3B%20Metropolitan%20Tramways%20Board">Hawthorn Tramways Trust</a> then purchased by the MTT in 1925 becoming trams 191-194. After injuries to <a href="Conductor%20%28transportation%29">conductors</a> collecting fares while standing on the footboards, a centre isle was cut through the centre bulkhead and four of the six crossbench seats of the trams in 1934. Trams 191-194 had been similarly modified in Melbourne prior to their purchase by the MTT.

Type C.
During <a href="World%20War%20I">World War I</a>, the MTT urgently needed more tramcars due to passenger traffic increases with the line extensions. Twenty were built by Duncan & Fraser and carried 112 passengers, fifty seated and sixty-two standing and were considerably faster than the A type trams they were based on due to being fitted with a larger engine.

They became known as 'bouncing billies' because of their lack of air-brakes and safety concerns. It was because of this that MTT drivers went on strike.

A planned purchase of large trams was delayed by <a href="World%20War%20I">World War I</a>. Type C trams were small combination cars, built in 1918–1919 as an interim measure. They were similar in basic design to the older A type but had a more modern curved roof rather than a clerestory roof. During their construction, the old motors from the E type (General Electric 202 motors) were fitted to these new trams. Rated at 50 hp each compared to the 33 hp units fitted to the A types, these trams were considerably faster.

Due to their consequent higher speeds they became known as <a href="Desert%20Gold">Desert Gold</a> trams, after a New Zealand <a href="racehorse">racehorse</a> that had won races in Australia at the same time. This speed became useful in competition against unlicensed buses in the 1920s, and they were used in peak service until 1952 with the last use for the royal visit of 1954. Trams 181 to 190 inclusive were allocated to the Port Adelaide system for a short period in the 1930s before closure of the system, mainly used on the Port Adelaide - Albert Park line. During the 1930s, the original Hale Kilburn seating fitted to these trams were replaced with Brill Winner seats taken out of 20 A type trams (numbers unknown).

One of the Type C Trams has found a home at <a href="Port%20Parham%2C%20South%20Australia">Port Parham</a> and been in the possession of the Jenkin family since the 1950s. Its number was 190. It retains many of the fittings internally. Photo taken and provided by Michael Jenkin. This is an infrared photo.

Types F and F1.
Eighty-one F type cars were built by Pengelly & Co and went into service in 1922 with three being built by MTT's own workshops. F type trams were a highly popular design and provided much more space and comfort than the previous designs.

More modern running gear taking up less space meant the car body was lower to the ground making the tram easier to board and alight. F type trams had seating for 60 and standing room for a further 110 standees.

These trams were used all over the network and especially well-suited to carry the large numbers of passengers associated with race meetings, football matches and the showground. They remained in service until the end of the street tramway system in 1958.

The F and later F1 type trams were built between 1921 and 1929 were mostly by Pengelley & Co with three F1 type trams being built 'in house' by the Municipal Tramways Trust at Hackney Workshops. The F series trams being built from 1921 to 1925 with the F1 series being built from 1925 to 1929. These trams became known as 'Drop Centres' since the centre section of the tram had been lowered in height to ease boarding and alighting. They were the first trams to be fitted with airbrakes in Adelaide and were designed so that six streams of passengers could board or alight on each side of the tram at the same time, with a large capacity and reportedly comfortable ride. The F and F1 series trams were the most common trams used in Adelaide from their introduction to the closure of the main tram network with a total of 84 of the drop centre trams built for use in Adelaide. The main difference between the two types lay in the construction of the <a href="underframe">underframe</a>, with the F types having a combined steel and timber frame construction while the later F1 type having an all-steel underframe. There were other variations in the fleet which will be detailed later on.

With such a number of trams in service, it should come as no surprise that a number of detail variations occurred in the fleet, only the main variations are listed here. In 1929, cars 274 and 275 were fitted with additional air brake pipes for use in hauling the horse transport cars between the City and Morphettville Racecourse on the Glenelg line. These airpipes were later removed, most possibly after the suspension of the horse transport service in 1936. As originally built, all the drop centre trams were built with General Electric PC5L2 and later PC5K2 control equipment (except for nos 251 - 261 which had English Electric control equipment). However, in 1952–1953, cars 259, 260 and 261 had their English Electric control gear replaced with General Electric control gear. At the same time, 251 - 258 and 264 had English Electric controllers of a different type fitted. The original control gear from 264 ended up in the solitary H1 car, 381.

While all 84 cars had completely timber seats in the drop centre section, the enclosed saloons had several different styles of seating. Cars 201-261 all had rattan seating in the saloons except for 250. All these cars except for 250 had imitation leather seating fitted after 1946. 250 and 262 had moquette seating. 263-284 had wooden seating fitted.

From October 1953, a number of F and F1 type trams were repainted from Tuscan and Cream livery into Carnation Red and Silver. The trams repainted were 201-204, 213, 216, 218-219, 224-225, 227-231, 246, 248, 254, 256-257, 260-261, 264-265, 267-269, 271-279, 283 and 284. Cars 224, 255 and 262 all had minor variations to the livery. Most (though not all) of the repainted cars had an emergency exit door fitted behind the motorman's compartment reducing the seating capacity in these trams from 60 to 56. A few un repainted cars were also fitted with these doors.

Cars 201-262 had been fitted with Brill 77E2 type trucks and 263-284 had been fitted with cast Commonwealth Steel type trucks. However, by the final year of operations in 1958, F type cars 234, 245 and 249 had been retrucked with the Commonwealth Steel type trucks taken off of 266, 284 and 263, the retrucked Fs taking the F1 numbers in that order. By this time, most of the original F type cars had been withdrawn from service. The F1 type tram was the last type of tram to see service on the main Adelaide street tramway system with F1 269 making the final run to Cheltenham and return on 22 November 1958, Adelaide tramway operations ceasing that night with the exception of the Glenelg line.
Type G.
Four G types were built by JG Brill of <a href="Philadelphia">Philadelphia</a> and assembled at the MTT workshops in Adelaide in 1935.

They operated from Port Adelaide to Semaphore, Largs, Rosewater and Albert Park and did not connect with the main tram system. They were also used in <a href="Geelong">Geelong</a> and <a href="Trams%20in%20Bendigo">Bendigo</a> where they continued service until 1972 and remain on there as a tourism service. The G type trams were significantly smaller and lighter than other trams carrying only 50 passengers.

As a means of more economic operation over the lightly patronized Port Adelaide system, four 'Birney Safety Cars' were constructed by J.G. Brill and were imported complete by the Municipal Tramways Trust. Numbered 301 to 304, this small class of four trams were built with features such as folding doors and steps as well as being the only trams in Adelaide able to be operated by one man (thereby doing away with the need for a conductor). These were the only trams built new for the Port Adelaide system, the other trams in the fleet allocated to Port Adelaide being either transferred from the main system or converted from the B type toast rack trams (into A1 and A2 types). Until the arrival of the Flexity and Citadis trams over 80 years later, these were also the only trams in Adelaide to be entirely constructed overseas. Introduced into service from December 1925, these four trams only ran on the Port Adelaide system for 10 years before the system was completely closed in July 1935.

In January and February 1936, the four were sold to the State Electricity Commission of Victoria for use in <a href="Geelong%2C%20Victoria">Geelong</a> and were renumbered 27 to 30 in the SEC Geelong fleet and joined two other Birney trams acquired from new for use in Geelong making 6 in all there. In 1947, the four former Adelaide 'Birney' trams were transferred to <a href="Bendigo%2C%20Victoria">Bendigo</a> to operate on the tramway system there, also owned by the State Electricity Commission. The two Geelong 'Birney' cars were also transferred to Bendigo arriving in 1949. While in service in Bendigo, these trams ran in revenue service until 1972 when the system was closed down, with part of the track retained by the Bendigo Trust for tourist operation. All 6 of the 'Birney' trams that made it to Victoria have all been preserved in operational condition with former Adelaide tram 303 returning to South Australia in 1976.

Type H.
Thirty large 'inter-urban' cars were delivered in 1929 by Pengelley & Co for use on the new Glenelg line and served for over seventy-five years.

They became known as 'bay trams' and were very popular. They were designed to run in two or three car sets. By the mid-1930s they only ran in one or two car sets. H type trams ran until January 2006. Five were refurbished and continue to run on the Glenelg line as a tourism attraction.

Known as Glenelg trams, The Hs are a long rigid body tram that is end loading with a full length saloon and were built by Pengelley and Co in 1929 specifically for the Glenelg line, they commenced operations on 14 December 1929. Incredibly, 4 of the cars remained in limited heritage service on the Glenelg line at the start of 2009, nearly 80 years after they were introduced. They also saw service on the Henley North, Kensington Gardens and Cheltenham routes until their closure. They were built with Tomlinson automatic couplers and were also fitted with General Electric PC5L2 control gear and could be operated in multiple, either in pairs or until 1937, as triple car sets. After a few years in service, they were also fitted with air horns. Although specifically designed for use on the Glenelg line, the H type trams saw service from 1935 on the Henley North line and then on the Kensington line from 1952.

A total of 30 H cars were built for service on the Glenelg line with the first cars (351 and 352) being run under trial for the first time in October 1929, these two cars opening the line on 14 December 1929. Until February 1937, some services on the line were run with triple-car sets until an accident at Grovene (now called Glengowrie) which saw the practice discontinued.

During the 1930s, 5 H type were experimentally fitted with pantographs of 5 different patterns. 376 was fitted with a Simens Schukert pantograph, 377 was fitted with a Fischer bow collector, 378 was fitted with an ASEA pantograph, 379 was fitted with a Metropolitan Vickers pantograph and 380 was fitted with an English Electric pantograph. The pantographs on 376, 379 and 380 were all fitted on a small pantograph tower while 377 and 378 had their pantographs mounted on the roof itself. During the experiments, the pantographs were only used on the reserve track section which at the time was fitted with a railway-like catenary overhead system rather than the traditional tramway-style overhead used on the rest of the system. Because the overhead at the time was not staggered to suit pantograph operation, the pantographs fitted all suffered from uneven wear and as a result the experiment ceased. Ironically, all the surviving H type trams were fitted with pantographs 50 years later in October 1986.

The next major round of changes to the H types occurred in the 1950s, starting in c.1952 with a repainting of most of the fleet from the traditional Tuscan and Cream to a new Carnation Red and Silver livery with an Ashbury Green interior which had been completed by the end of the decade. The first H types to be withdrawn from service were also taken out of service during the time (352 in December 1957 and the first 380 in May 1959. 351 was renumbered 380 at this time). This was the first in a series of renumberings of the H cars, designed to keep a consecutively numbered fleet for rostering purposes (i.e. 363-364 or 371-372). A table of the renumbered cars is listed further down. During 1956, the entire fleet had their original Dick Kerr motors replaced with English Electric motors originally intended for the H1 fleet. In 1968, 366 and 377 (original numbers) were scrapped with cars 353 and 354 renumbered to replace them (refer to renumbering table further below) with the result that the H type fleet had been reduced to 26 cars.

From 1971 onwards, cars 351, 357, 358, (2nd)363, (2nd)366, 367, 368, 369, 370, 371, 372, 373, 374, 375, 376, (2nd)377, 379 and 380 were all refurbished and repainted into their original Tuscan and Cream livery except for 363 and 364 which originally entered service after refurbishment in an experimental Carnation Red and Grey livery in 1971. These two were repainted into Tuscan and Cream in 1973. Most of these cars had their original varnished timber interior restored too, although there were a few variations in the refurbishment program. 377 was also repainted into a one off black and gold livery to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the Glenelg line in 1979. 377 retained this livery for a few years afterwards. 380 was also briefly repainted in 1979 into a special livery by a number of Glenelg area students as part of the SA schools 'Come out' festival of that year.

During the 1980s, most of the remaining unrefurbished cars (355, 356, 360, 362 and 378) were disposed of, bringing the operating fleet down to 21 cars. In October 1986, along with the opening of a new tram depot at Glengowrie, 369 became the first car to be fitted with a pantograph on a permanent basis after the overhead had been altered to make the wire 'zig sag' to minimise wear on the pantograph. All the other cars in the fleet were subsequently fitted with pantographs and roller bearings on the trucks replacing the old plain bearings. For a short period after installation of pantographs, a trolley pole was retained at one end 'just in case' but was finally removed soon afterwards. In 1987, the last of the silver trams (361) was refurbished under a new program which introduced a few more modern features to the cars. Eventually, 10 H types were refurbished under the new program (357, 358, 361, 364, 365, 368, 369, 371, 372 and 373).

Interestingly, 378, which had previously been disposed of in 1986, was repurchased and refurbished for use as a restaurant tram and was launched on 1 November 1990 as the 'Adelaide Tram Car Restaurant', run by a private operator. It was not successful and the tram was later purchased by TransAdelaide and renamed 'Grand Lady'. As with the private operator, the operation was not a success under TransAdelaide. The tram was retained but very rarely used and was last seen on the mainline in 2001. For some years it was stored at Glengowrie depot, then in 2006 it was sold to the South Australian History Trust, which made it available to the <a href="Tramway%20Museum%2C%20St%20Kilda">Tramway Museum, St Kilda</a>, where it has been run on occasions.

In 2001 and 2002, cars 351, 367, 370, 374 and 380 were again refurbished to the extent of a complete rebuild. New modern chopper controls were added replacing the original GE PC5L2 control gear. From 2007 the five trams have seen service for weekend, public holiday and charter trips. With an in service operational life of 80 years, these five trams are the oldest public transport vehicles still in service in Australia (although 374 hasn't been in service since 2004 after sustaining some underframe damage). With the purchase of replacement trams, sixteen Type H trams were disposed of with some sold, for a total of $65,000, and the remainder donated. They were destined for uses as varied as a restaurant, an attraction at a <a href="Bed%20and%20Breakfast">bed and breakfast</a> <a href="boarding%20house">boarding house</a> and a tourism display at Glenelg, Adelaide.

Type H1.
Until the arrival of the Flexity trams in 2005, H1 type car 381 was the most modern tram in Adelaide.Originally part of an order for 40 H1 type cars, 381 was just completed by JA Lawton & Sons of Adelaide when the reconstitution of the MTT caused cancellation of the remaining thirty-nine cars. A partly constructed 382 was scrapped before it was completed as a result of the change in policy. Like the H type upon which 381 was based on, it was fitted with PC5L2 type controllers although in this case, they were taken out of F1 type tram 264 (more details to be found in the F1 type section). Originally fitted with a standard link and pin type coupler, 381 was later fitted with a Tomlinson automatic style coupler (although it was not able to operate in multiple with the H type). Power operated doors were also fitted.

381 ran its first trial run on 22 January 1953 and entered service the following month. For most of its short operational life, 381 was used on the Kensington and Henley North lines (which were through routed the same year 381 was built). 381 was also the last tram to operate over the Kensington line before closure in February 1957. It was withdrawn from revenue service in December 1957 when it was stored at Hackney Depot/Workshops. In June 1958, it was then moved to City Depot on Angas Street. In May 1959, it was again moved for further storage, this time to the permanent way depot at Maylands where it remained until 1965 when it was donated to the <a href="Tramway%20Museum%2C%20St%20Kilda">Tramway Museum, St Kilda</a>. As a result, it has spent many more years in preservation then it did in revenue service.

Flexity Classic / Type 100 / Type I.
Beginning in January 2006, long, articulated, low-floor <a href="Flexity%20Classic">Flexity Classic</a> <a href="Light%20Rail">Light Rail</a> vehicles, built by <a href="Bombardier%20Transportation">Bombardier</a> in Germany, began operation. Eleven trams were ordered at a total cost of $58 million to replace most of the then seventy-seven-year-old Type H trams on the Glenelg line. Bombardier won the supply tender against one other bidder, receiving an initial order for nine trams in September 2004., another two Flexity trams were ordered for use on the Victoria Square to City West extension, opened in October 2007. Several of the earlier Flexity cars were unloaded at Outer Harbor in Adelaide while the later deliveries were shipped to Melbourne and offloaded there before being road hauled to Adelaide. Flexity 111 was noted running evaluation trips around parts of the Melbourne tram network before delivery to Adelaide. Station platforms were lowered to match the new trams lower floors, and some of the track and sleepers replaced to provide a smoother ride. There have been problems with the tram's airconditioning systems, during Adelaide's very hot summer weather, but these were rectified with engineering changes to the trams.

Classification terminologies have been varied. The trams are generally referred to as Flexities or Flexity type by TransAdelaide, although they are also referred to as Type 100 (from their fleet numbers) or the Type I, following on from the MTT classification system. Other classifications deriving from designations in use on other systems with Flexity Classic trams, including S Class (VGF, Frankfurt), M06 (Norrköping) and NGT8 (Dortmund), have also been used.

By 2008 the state government was considering lengthening the trams, instead of purchasing more, to accommodate increasing passenger numbers. In September 2008, an order was placed with Bombardier for an additional 4 Flexity Classic trams to be used on the City West to Adelaide Entertainment Centre section. These have been numbered 112–115. Despite being a fairly new tram, already there have been a couple of variations, most notably the constantly changing 'all-over advertising' that changes the appearance of the tram quite considerably. Vehicle 102 has also had traditional leather hand holds installed instead of rubber hand holds which are fitted to the rest of the fleet.

Citadis 302 / Type 200.
The newest trams in Adelaide are six Alstom Citadis model 302 trams which were purchased second hand from the Spanish city of Madrid. Compared to the Flexity Classic trams already in service, they have a higher 'crush loading' (186 compared with 115) but 10 fewer seats. They are also 2 metres longer and are formed of five articulated sections rather than three.

Originally built as part of an order for seventy Alstom Citadis trams by Spanish operator MetroLigero for service in Madrid, six Citadis trams were acquired by TransAdelaide for service on the Glenelg line as well as to provide services for the new line to the <a href="Adelaide%20Entertainment%20Centre">Adelaide Entertainment Centre</a>. Although originally planned to be used on the Madrid network, a subsequent scaling down of plans there resulted in a number of Citadis trams being placed into storage upon arrival in Madrid and never turned a wheel in service. The six trams bought by TransAdelaide came out of this stock. Five of the purchased trams had never run in Madrid and one (MetroLigero 169) saw just a couple of weeks service as a demonstration tram in Stockholm (demonstrated by the Manufacturer Alstom). The six trams purchased were modified at the Preston Tramway Workshops in Melbourne before arriving in Adelaide. They were renumbered from MetroLigero numbers 165–170 to the TransAdelaide 200 series with vehicle numbers 201–206.


</doc>
<doc id="54794870" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54794870" title="History of the Irish in Baltimore">
History of the Irish in Baltimore

The history of the Irish in Baltimore dates back to the early and mid-19th century. The city's <a href="Irish%20Americans">Irish-American</a> community is centered in the neighborhoods of <a href="Hampden%2C%20Baltimore">Hampden</a>, <a href="Canton%2C%20Baltimore">Canton</a>, <a href="Highlandtown%2C%20Baltimore">Highlandtown</a>, <a href="Fell%27s%20Point%2C%20Baltimore">Fell's Point</a> and <a href="Locust%20Point%2C%20Baltimore">Locust Point</a>.

Demographics.
In 1920, 10,240 foreign-born White people in Baltimore spoke an <a href="English%20language">English</a> or <a href="Celtic%20languages">Celtic language</a>.

In 1940, 2,159 immigrants from <a href="Ireland">Ireland</a> lived in Baltimore. These immigrants comprised 3.5% of the city's foreign-born white population. In total, 4,077 people of Irish birth or descent lived in the city, comprising 4.6% of the foreign-stock white population.

In the <a href="1940%20United%20States%20Census">1940 United States Census</a>, Irish-Americans comprised 22% of the foreign-born population in Highlandtown. In Hamden, Baltimore's tract 13-5, 7% of foreign-born residents were Irish-American.

The Irish-American community in the <a href="Baltimore%20metropolitan%20area">Baltimore metropolitan area</a> numbered 341,683 as of 2000, making up 13.4% of the area's population. In the same year, 32,755 people in the Baltimore metropolitan area were of Scotch-Irish descent, comprising 1.3% of the metropolitan area's population. In the same year Baltimore city's Irish-American population was 39,045, 6% of the city's population. In the same year, 3,274 people in Baltimore were of Scotch-Irish descent, comprising 0.5% of the city's population.

In 2013, an estimated 37,359 Irish-Americans resided in Baltimore city, 6% of the population.

In September 2014, immigrants from <a href="Ireland">Ireland</a> were the sixty-sixth largest foreign-born population in Baltimore.

History.
Baltimore became a leading destination for Irish immigrants to the United States during the mid-1800s, with around 70,000 Irish people settling in the city during the 1850s and 1860s.







</doc>
<doc id="54794909" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54794909" title="Joachim Soltvedt">
Joachim Soltvedt

Joachim Soltvedt (born 9 September 1995) is a <a href="Norway">Norwegian</a> <a href="soccer">football</a> player currently playing as a <a href="Midfielder%20%28association%20football%29">midfielder</a> for <a href="Sogndal%20Fotball">Sogndal</a>.


</doc>
<doc id="54794934" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54794934" title="Mizuki Matsuda">
Mizuki Matsuda

Mizuki Matsuda (born 31 May 1995) is a Japanese <a href="long-distance%20running">long distance runner</a>. She competed in the <a href="2017%20World%20Championships%20in%20Athletics%20%E2%80%93%20Women%27s%2010%2C000%20metres">women's 10,000 metres</a> at the <a href="2017%20World%20Championships%20in%20Athletics">2017 World Championships in Athletics</a>.


</doc>
<doc id="54794937" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54794937" title="Bhagirath Samai">
Bhagirath Samai

Bhagirath Samai (born 11 August 1957), was born in <a href="Asansol">Asansol</a>, West Bengal, is an Indian professional <a href="shooting%20sports">shooter</a> and a bronze medalist in 1986 Asian games he was one of the shooter of west Bengal who represented India in Olympics (1984). for his outstanding performance in Asian games he was awarded <a href="Arjuna%20Award">Arjuna Award</a> the most prestigious award in the field of sports he participated in 2 <a href="South%20Asian%20Games">South Asian Games</a>, 2 <a href="Asian%20Games">Asian Games</a>, 2 <a href="Asian%20Shooting%20Championships">Asian Shooting Championships</a>, 2 <a href="Commonwealth%20Games">Commonwealth Games</a> and 1 <a href="Olympic%20Games">Olympic Games</a>


About him.
Bhagirath Samai was born in <a href="Asansol">Asansol</a> and is the youngest of his brothers.he said that he took Shooting reluctantly and later he falls in love with the <a href="Sport">Sport</a> he was dedicated to sport so he never care life apart from it 
he got engaged to Rina Samai in the year <a href="1991">1991</a> and was married in the year 1992 his career best performance came right after he got engaged .this the year 2017 they both celebrated 25th marriage anniversary this year he also turns 60 years old

Personal life.
He currently does service in a construction company in <a href="Haldia">Haldia</a>, leaving away from family.His wife and daughter live in <a href="Durgapur">Durgapur</a>, he spends the weekend with the family that to not have surety as sometimes work load on him is high so he cants come <a href="Durgapur">Durgapur</a>. He was even not with his wife on the occasion of 25th marriage anniversary as work load on him is high in his company sometimes he cooks his own food and sometimes he has a cook for it. His wife sacrificed to be away from him and live in <a href="Durgapur">Durgapur</a> just to educate her daughter her daughter is extremely good in many things ranging from singing, cooking, dancing, and coding.He has 3 4 years of service left and after his retirement, he wants to open a Shooting Academy in <a href="Durgapur">Durgapur</a>.



</doc>
<doc id="54794955" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54794955" title="Mercyline Chelangat">
Mercyline Chelangat

Mercyline Chelangat (born 17 December 1997) is a Ugandan <a href="long-distance%20running">long distance runner</a>. She competed in the <a href="2017%20World%20Championships%20in%20Athletics%20%E2%80%93%20Women%27s%2010%2C000%20metres">women's 10,000 metres</a> at the <a href="2017%20World%20Championships%20in%20Athletics">2017 World Championships in Athletics</a>.


</doc>
<doc id="54794956" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54794956" title="Unite the Right rally">
Unite the Right rally

The Unite the Right rally (also known as the Charlottesville rally) was a <a href="far-right">far-right</a> rally which degenerated into violence in <a href="Charlottesville%2C%20Virginia">Charlottesville, Virginia</a>, United States, from August 11–12, 2017. Its stated goal was to oppose the removal of <a href="Robert%20Edward%20Lee%20Sculpture">a statue of Robert E. Lee</a> in <a href="Emancipation%20Park%20%28Charlottesville%2C%20Virginia%29">Emancipation Park</a>, which itself had been renamed by City Council from <nowiki>"Lee Park"</nowiki> two months earlier. Protesters included <a href="White%20supremacy">white supremacists</a>, <a href="White%20nationalism">white nationalists</a>, <a href="neo-Confederates">neo-Confederates</a>, <a href="neo-Nazism">neo-Nazis</a>, and various <a href="Militia%20organizations%20in%20the%20United%20States">militias</a>. Some of the marchers chanted racist and anti-semitic slogans, carried <a href="semi-automatic%20rifles">semi-automatic rifles</a>, <a href="swastika">swastika</a>s, <a href="Confederate%20battle%20flag">Confederate battle flag</a>s, <a href="anti-Muslim">anti-Muslim</a> and <a href="anti-Semitism">anti-Semitic</a> banners and "<a href="Donald%20Trump%20presidential%20campaign%2C%202016">Trump/Pence</a>" signs. 

The rally occurred amidst the backdrop of controversy generated by the <a href="Removal%20of%20Confederate%20monuments%20and%20memorials">removal of Confederate monuments</a> throughout the country in response to the <a href="Charleston%20church%20shooting">Charleston church shooting</a> in 2015. The event turned violent after protesters clashed with <a href="counterprotest">counterprotest</a>ers, leaving 14 injured. On the morning of August 12, Virginia governor <a href="Terry%20McAuliffe">Terry McAuliffe</a> declared a <a href="state%20of%20emergency">state of emergency</a>, stating that <a href="public%20safety">public safety</a> could not be safeguarded without additional powers. Within an hour, the <a href="Virginia%20State%20Police">Virginia State Police</a> declared the <a href="unlawful%20assembly">assembly to be unlawful</a>. At around 1:45 p.m, a man linked to white-supremacist groups <a href="Vehicle-ramming%20attack">rammed his car</a> into a crowd of counterprotesters about away from the rally site, killing one person and injuring 19. Attorney General <a href="Jeff%20Sessions">Jeff Sessions</a> described the ramming as <a href="domestic%20terrorism%20in%20the%20United%20States">domestic terrorism</a>, and authorities began a <a href="civil%20rights">civil rights</a> investigation to determine if the driver will be tried under <a href="hate%20crime">hate crime</a> statutes. 

In his initial statement on the rally, U.S. President <a href="Donald%20Trump">Donald Trump</a> did not denounce white nationalists by name, instead blaming "hatred, bigotry, and violence on many sides." His statement and his subsequent defenses of it were criticized as implying moral equivalence between the white supremacist marchers and those who protested against white supremacy, with critics interpreting it as a sign that he was sympathetic to the white supremacists.

Background.
In the wake of the 2015 Charleston Church shooting, efforts were made across the country to <a href="Removal_of_Confederate_monuments_and_memorials">remove Confederate monuments</a> from public spaces and rename streets honoring notable figures from the <a href="Confederate%20States%20of%20America">Confederacy</a>. While often successful, those efforts often faced a backlash from conservatives or people concerned about protecting their Confederate heritage. The August 11–12 rally was organized to protest the removal of the <a href="Robert%20Edward%20Lee%20Sculpture">"Robert E. Lee" statue</a> honoring the Confederate general <a href="Robert%20E.%20Lee">Robert E. Lee</a> in <a href="Emancipation%20Park%20%28Charlottesville%2C%20Virginia%29">Emancipation Park</a> in <a href="Charlottesville%2C%20Virginia">Charlottesville, Virginia</a>, which had been renamed from "Lee Park" in June 2016. The event was organized by <a href="White%20nationalism">white nationalists</a>, <a href="White%20supremacy">white supremacists</a>, and the <a href="alt-right">alt-right</a>. 

One organizer, <a href="Jason%20Kessler">Jason Kessler</a>, also cited the renaming as a reason for the rally. Another organizer, <a href="Nathan%20Damigo">Nathan Damigo</a>, said the rally was intended to unify white nationalist factions.

Summer rallies in Charlottesville.
On May 13, 2017, white supremacist <a href="Richard%20B.%20Spencer">Richard Spencer</a> led the 'Take-Back Lee Park' rally, a protest in Charlottesville against the city's plans to remove the statue of Lee. The event involved protesters holding torches near the statue. That same night, a <a href="Candlelight%20vigil">candlelight counterprotest</a> took place.

The <a href="Loyal%20White%20Knights%20of%20the%20Ku%20Klux%20Klan">Ku Klux Klan</a> held another rally in Charlottesville on July 8. About 50 Klan members and 1,000 counterprotesters gathered at a loud but nonviolent rally; the Klan members left the park after about 45 minutes. In opposition to the rally, the Charlottesville Clergy Collective created a <a href="safe%20space">safe space</a> at First <a href="United%20Methodist%20Church">United Methodist Church</a>, which was used by over 600 people.

Protesters.
Among the far-right groups engaged in organizing the march were the clubs of the neo-Nazi website "<a href="The%20Daily%20Stormer">The Daily Stormer</a>", "<a href="The%20Right%20Stuff%20%28blog%29">The Right Stuff</a>", the <a href="National%20Policy%20Institute">National Policy Institute</a>, and four groups that form the <a href="Nationalist%20Front">Nationalist Front</a>: the neo-Confederate <a href="League%20of%20the%20South">League of the South</a>, the <a href="Traditionalist%20Workers%20Party">Traditionalist Workers Party</a>, Vanguard America, and the <a href="National%20Socialist%20Movement%20%28United%20States%29">National Socialist Movement</a>. Other groups involved in the rally were the Ku Klux Klan, the <a href="Fraternal%20Order%20of%20Alt-Knights">Fraternal Order of Alt-Knights</a>, the <a href="3%20Percenters">3 Percenters</a>, <a href="Identity%20Evropa">Identity Evropa</a>, the <a href="Oath%20Keepers">Oath Keepers</a>, the American Guard, the Pennsylvania Light Foot Militia, the New York Light Foot Militia, the Virginia Minutemen Militia, the Detroit Right Wings, the Rise Above Movement, True Cascadia, and Anti-Communist Action. 

Prominent far-right figures in attendance included National Policy Institute Chairman <a href="Richard%20B.%20Spencer">Richard Spencer</a>, entertainer <a href="Baked%20Alaska%20%28entertainer%29">Baked Alaska</a>, former <a href="Libertarian%20Party%20%28U.S.%29">Libertarian Party</a> candidate <a href="Augustus%20Invictus">Augustus Invictus</a>, former Klan <a href="Imperial%20Wizard">Imperial Wizard</a> <a href="David%20Duke">David Duke</a>, Identity Evropa leader <a href="Nathan%20Damigo">Nathan Damigo</a>, Traditionalist Youth Network CEO <a href="Matthew%20Heimbach">Matthew Heimbach</a>, "<a href="The%20Rebel%20Media">Rebel Media</a>" journalist <a href="Faith%20Goldy">Faith Goldy</a>, "Right Stuff" founder <a href="Mike%20Enoch">Mike Enoch</a>, League of the South founder <a href="Michael%20Hill%20%28activist%29">Michael Hill</a>, "<a href="Red%20Ice">Red Ice</a>" host <a href="Henrik%20Palmgren">Henrik Palmgren</a>, "<a href="Right%20Side%20Broadcasting%20Network">Right Side Broadcasting Network</a>" host Nicholas Fuentes, YouTube personality James Allsup, "<a href="AltRight.com">AltRight.com</a>" editor Daniel Friberg, former "<a href="Business%20Insider">Business Insider</a>" CTO Pax Dickinson, "Right Stuff" blogger Johnny Monoxide, "Daily Stormer" writer Robert "Azzmador" Ray, "<a href="Daily%20Caller">Daily Caller</a>" contributor and rally organizer <a href="Jason%20Kessler">Jason Kessler</a>, and "Radical Agenda" host <a href="Christopher%20Cantwell">Christopher Cantwell</a>. <a href="Gavin%20McInnes">Gavin McInnes</a>, the leader of the self-described "Western chauvinist" <a href="Proud%20Boys">Proud Boys</a> group, was invited to attend but declined because of an unwillingness "to be associated with explicit neo-Nazis." In June, ahead of the rally, McInnes declared that "we need to distance ourselves from them," but "after backlash to the original disavowal flared-up from Alt-Right circles, the statement was withdrawn and replaced with another distancing the Proud Boys from the event yet also encouraging those who 'feel compelled' to attend."

<a href="Airbnb">Airbnb</a> cancelled a number of bookings and accounts when it learned that they were being used by attendees at the rally, citing a request that users endorse a commitment to "accept people regardless of their race, religion, national origin, ethnicity, disability, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, or age."

Counterprotestors.
Those who marched in opposition to the rally were unified in opposition to white supremacy, but "espoused a wide array of ideological beliefs, preferred tactics and political goals. A large number were ordinary residents of Charlottesville who wanted to show their disdain for white supremacist groups, particularly after the Ku Klux Klan held a rally in the city on July 8." Ahead of the rally, an array of "faith-based groups, <a href="civil%20rights">civil rights</a> organizations, local businesses, and faculty and students at the University of Virginia" planned counterprotests. In July 2017, the <a href="ecumenical">ecumenical</a> and <a href="interfaith">interfaith</a> clergy group Congregate Charlottesville called for a thousand members of the clergy to counterprotest at the rally. Groups counterprotesting included representatives from the <a href="National%20Council%20of%20Churches">National Council of Churches</a>, <a href="Black%20Lives%20Matter">Black Lives Matter</a>, <a href="Anti-Racist%20Action">Anti-Racist Action</a>, <a href="Antifa%20%28United%20States%29">Antifa</a>, the <a href="Democratic%20Socialists%20of%20America">Democratic Socialists of America</a>, the <a href="Workers%20World%20Party">Workers World Party</a>, the <a href="Revolutionary%20Communist%20Party%2C%20USA">Revolutionary Communist Party</a>, <a href="Redneck%20Revolt">Redneck Revolt</a>, the <a href="Industrial%20Workers%20of%20the%20World">Industrial Workers of the World</a>, the Metropolitan Anarchist Coordinating Council, and Showing Up for Racial Justice.

University and city preparations.
The rally occurred when the University of Virginia was between its summer and fall terms. On August 4, <a href="University%20of%20Virginia">University of Virginia</a> (UVA) President <a href="Teresa%20Sullivan">Teresa Sullivan</a> sent an e-mail to students and faculty, which said, "I urge students and all UVA community members to avoid the August 12 rally and avoid physical confrontation generally. There is a credible risk of violence at this event, and your safety is my foremost concern." The <a href="University%20of%20Virginia%20Medical%20Center">University of Virginia Medical Center</a> canceled all elective surgeries and preemptively activated its emergency response plan.

Fearing possible violence, the <a href="Virginia%20Discovery%20Museum">Virginia Discovery Museum</a> and many downtown businesses closed for the day of the rally.

Event timeline.
Permits and court case.
<a href="Jason%20Kessler">Jason Kessler</a>, one of the organizers of the rally, applied for a permit from the City of Charlottesville to hold the event at Emancipation Park. The week before the event, the Charlottesville government—including Mayor <a href="Michael%20Signer">Michael Signer</a>, city council, City Manager Maurice Jones, and Police Chief Al Thomas—said they would approve the permit only if the event was moved to the larger <a href="Paul%20Goodloe%20McIntire">McIntire</a> Park. The city's leaders cited safety concerns and logistical issues associated with holding the event at Emancipation Park, adjacent to the densely populated Downtown Mall. Kessler refused to agree to relocate the rally, but the City relocated the rally anyway, a decision praised by the Downtown Business Association of Charlottesville.

Kessler, supported by the <a href="Rutherford%20Institute">Rutherford Institute</a> and the <a href="American%20Civil%20Liberties%20Union">ACLU</a>, sued the City of Charlottesville and Jones on <a href="First%20Amendment%20to%20the%20United%20States%20Constitution">First Amendment</a> grounds in the <a href="United%20States%20District%20Court%20for%20the%20Western%20District%20of%20Virginia">U.S. District Court for the Western District of Virginia</a>. On the evening of August 11, the night before the rally, Judge <a href="Glen%20E.%20Conrad">Glen E. Conrad</a> granted an emergency injunction declaring that the Unite the Right rally could go forward. Conrad granted the injunction for the rally citing several factors: that <a href="Emancipation%20Park%20%28Charlottesville%2C%20Virginia%29">Emancipation Park</a> was the location for the statue of Robert E. Lee that was planned to be taken down and that the rally was partially for, that resources would be needed at both parks for both the rally and the counterprotesters, and that the move to <a href="McIntire%20Park">McIntire Park</a> was due to the viewpoints of the organizer and not the safety of the public. The court's decision was praised by the ACLU. Mayor Signer issued a statement saying: "While the City is disappointed by tonight's ruling, we will abide by the judge's decision. ... Chief Thomas, his team and the hundreds of law enforcement officials in our City will now turn their full attention to protecting the Downtown area during tomorrow's events."

Prior to the rally, counterprotesters obtained permit(s) to gather at <a href="McGuffey%20Park">McGuffey Park</a> and <a href="Justice%20Park">Justice Park</a>, both less than a quarter-mile distant from the Emancipation Park rally. Charlottesville City Council spokeswoman Miriam I. Dickler later stated that counterprotesters did not need permits to protest the rally at Emancipation Park.

August 11.
Tensions increased on the evening of Friday, August 11 when a group of white nationalists—variously numbered at dozens or around 100—marched through the University of Virginia's campus from Nameless Field to <a href="The%20Lawn">The Lawn</a>. The group was primarily composed of white men, many carrying <a href="tiki%20torch">tiki torch</a>es. 

While marching, the group chanted Nazi and white supremacist slogans including "White lives matter"; "<a href="Blood%20and%20Soil">Blood and Soil</a>"; "<a href="Identity%20Evropa">you will not replace us</a>"; and "Jews will not replace us."

At <a href="The%20Rotunda%20%28University%20of%20Virginia%29">the Rotunda</a>, the group encountered counterprotesters next to a statue of <a href="Thomas%20Jefferson">Thomas Jefferson</a>. The white nationalists encircled the smaller group of counterprotesters at the base of the statue, and a brawl ensued. Several people on both sides were reportedly hit with pepper spray, and several people were treated for minor injuries. The white nationalists began swinging and throwing their lit tiki torches amid the chaos. Virginia State Police came to break up the brawl.

Meanwhile, clergy led a pre-planned <a href="ecumenical%20Christian">ecumenical Christian</a> and <a href="interfaith">interfaith</a> prayer service at St. Paul's Memorial Church on University Avenue in opposition to the Unite the Right rally.

The "<a href="Cavalier%20Daily">Cavalier Daily</a>" reported, "While waiting for rides at Nameless Field after the march, several of the 'alt-right' protesters hurled anti-Semitic, homophobic and misogynistic slurs at several reporters and community members asking them questions. One man asking questions was thrown to the ground and surrounded by marchers after a brief physical altercation." Mayor <a href="Michael%20Signer">Michael Signer</a> condemned the gathering, writing the following: "When I think of candlelight, I want to think of prayer vigils. Today, in 2017, we are instead seeing a cowardly parade of hatred, bigotry, racism, and intolerance march."

August 12.
Protesters and counterprotesters gathered at <a href="Emancipation%20Park%20%28Charlottesville%2C%20Virginia%29">Emancipation Park</a> in anticipation of the rally. White nationalist protesters again chanted white supemacist and Nazi-era slogans 

Some <a href="Modern%20display%20of%20the%20Confederate%20flag">waved Confederate flags</a>, and others held posters targeting Jews that read "the <a href="Goy%23Modern%20usage">Goyim</a> know", using the word for non-Jews, as well as "the <a href="Antisemitic%20canard%23Accusations%20of%20controlling%20the%20media">Jewish media is going down</a>". Protesters also shouted racial slurs and "Jew" when Charlottesville mayor Michael Signer was mentioned, and they waved Nazi flags and signs claiming, among other things, that "Jews are Satan's children". Dozens wore <a href="Donald%20Trump">Donald Trump</a>'s red "<a href="Make%20America%20Great%20Again">Make America Great Again</a>" campaign hats.

Counterprotests began with an interfaith, interracial group of clergy who linked arms, prayed, and sang songs of peace such as <a href="This%20Little%20Light%20of%20Mine">This Little Light of Mine</a>. The small group was surrounded by neo-Fascists; <a href="public%20intellectual">public intellectual</a> <a href="Cornel%20West">Cornel West</a> later averred that "we would have been crushed like cockroaches if it were not for the anarchists and the anti-fascists who approached, over 300, 350 anti-fascists. We just had 20," given that the police had pulled back, and was certain that their lives had been saved. Later in the day, counterprotesters chanted slogans including "Kill All Nazis" and "punch a Nazi in the mouth."The armed leftist group Redneck Revolt posted on their website: "To the fascists and all who stand with them, we'll be seeing you in Virginia."

Virginia allows the <a href="Open%20carry">open carrying</a> of firearms under state law; many white nationalists, as well as some counterprotesters, carried <a href="semi-automatic%20weapon">semi-automatic weapon</a>s. 

Beginning in the morning, ahead of the rally's official noon start time, "protesters and counterprotesters faced off, kicking, punching, hurling water bottles at and deploying chemical sprays against one another." 

The AP reported that "people threw punches, screamed, set off smoke bombs, hurled water bottles and unleashed chemical sprays. Some came prepared for a fight, with body armor and helmets. Others darted around, trying to avoid the chaos." An estimated 500 protesters and more than a thousand counterprotesters were on the site. At least 14 people were injured in street brawls.

At 11:00 a.m., the City of Charlottesville declared a state of emergency, citing an "imminent threat of civil disturbance, unrest, potential injury to persons, and destruction of public and personal property". One hour later, Virginia governor <a href="Terry%20McAuliffe">Terry McAuliffe</a> declared a state of emergency, stating: "It is now clear that public safety cannot be safeguarded without additional powers, and that the mostly-out-of-state protesters have come to Virginia to endanger our citizens and property. I am disgusted by the hatred, bigotry and violence these protesters have brought to our state."

At about 11:40 a.m., shortly before the rally was scheduled to begin, <a href="Virginia%20State%20Police">Virginia State Police</a> declared the gathering an <a href="unlawful%20assembly">unlawful assembly</a> via megaphones, and riot police cleared the scene. Following this, "a hard core of about 100 far-right protesters" moved to McIntire Park about away, where they gathered to hear speakers who had been scheduled for the "Unite the Right" event.

Vehicular attack and homicide.
After the aborted rally, at around 1:45 p.m., a man drove his car toward a crowd of counterprotestors, hitting several and slamming into a stopped sedan, which hit a stopped minivan that was in front of it. The impact of the crash pushed the sedan and the minivan further into the crowd. One person was killed and 19 others were injured in what police have called a <a href="vehicle-ramming%20attack">deliberate attack</a>. The man then reversed the car through the crowd and fled the scene. 

The ramming occurred at a pedestrian mall at Water and Fourth streets, about four blocks away from Emancipation Park . Heather D. Heyer, a 32-year-old paralegal from Charlottesville, was pronounced dead at the <a href="University%20of%20Virginia%20Health%20System">University of Virginia's University Hospital</a>.

Video footage recorded at the scene showed a gray 2010 <a href="Dodge%20Challenger">Dodge Challenger</a> accelerating towards crowds on a pedestrian mall, hitting people and sending them airborne, then reversing at high speed, hitting more people. The moment when the car was driven into the crowd was captured on video by bystanders and in <a href="Aerial%20photography">aerial video footage</a> taken by a <a href="Unmanned%20aerial%20vehicle">drone</a>. A photographer present at the scene said the car "plowed into a sedan and then into a minivan. Bodies flew. People were terrified and screaming." Bystanders said it was "definitely a violent attack", according to "The Guardian". Of the 19 injured survivors, the <a href="University%20of%20Virginia%20Health%20System%23Components">University of Virginia Medical Center</a> reported that five were initially in critical condition. 

By the afternoon of August 14, ten patients had been discharged from the hospital, and the nine remaining patients were in good condition. 

Shortly after the collision, James Alex Fields Jr., a 20-year-old from <a href="Ohio">Ohio</a> who reportedly had expressed sympathy for Nazi Germany during his time as a student at <a href="Randall%20K.%20Cooper%20High%20School">Cooper High School</a> in <a href="Union%2C%20Kentucky">Union, Kentucky</a>, was arrested. He was charged with <a href="second-degree%20murder">second-degree murder</a>, three counts of <a href="malicious%20wounding">malicious wounding</a>, and <a href="Hit%20and%20run">failure to stop</a> following an accident resulting in death and held without bail. On August 18, Fields was charged with three counts of aggravated malicious wounding and two additional counts of malicious wounding.

Fields was photographed taking part in the rally, holding a shield emblazoned with the logo of Vanguard America, a white supremacist organization. Vanguard America's leaders later stated he was not a member and that "The shields seen do not denote membership" as they were "freely handed out to anyone in attendance." On August 14, Fields was again denied bail. He is being held at the <a href="Albemarle%20County%2C%20Virginia">Albermarle-Charlottesville County</a> Regional Jail.

<a href="National%20Security%20Adviser%20%28United%20States%29">National Security Adviser</a> <a href="H.%20R.%20McMaster">H. R. McMaster</a> and several <a href="United%20States%20Senate">U.S. senators</a> described the alleged ramming as an act of <a href="Domestic%20terrorism%20in%20the%20United%20States">domestic terrorism</a>, as did various commentators. Late on the night of August 12, <a href="U.S.%20Attorney%20General">U.S. Attorney General</a> <a href="Jeff%20Sessions">Jeff Sessions</a> said the U.S. Department of Justice would open a civil rights investigation into the incident; federal investigators are investigating whether the suspect "crossed state lines with the intent to commit violence". Later, Sessions said the ramming meets the definition of 'domestic terrorism' and that it was "an unacceptable, evil attack."

Heyer's mother said she wanted Heather's name to become "a rallying cry for justice and equality and fairness and compassion." Heyer's memorial service was held at Charlottesville's <a href="Paramount%20Theater%20%28Charlottesville%2C%20Virginia%29">Paramount Theatre</a> on August 16; Heyer's mother spoke to hundreds of mourners, asking them to honor Heyer by acting against injustice and turning "anger into righteous action."

Separate <a href="GoFundMe">GoFundMe</a> pages were set up for the Heyer family and for those injured in the crash; the latter was organized by the Anchorage co-chairman of the <a href="Democratic%20Socialists%20of%20America">Democratic Socialists of America</a>. The UVA Health Foundation created a fund for medical expenses of "patients at <a href="University%20of%20Virginia%20Health%20System">UVA Medical Center</a> and Sentara <a href="Martha%20Jefferson%20Hospital">Martha Jefferson Hospital</a> who were injured and impacted by this unwanted violence in our community."

Two motorists injured in the vehicle incident have sued the organizers of the event and the driver.

Fatal helicopter crash.
At around 4:40 p.m. on August 12, a <a href="Bell%20407">Bell 407</a> helicopter owned by the <a href="Virginia%20State%20Police">Virginia State Police</a> crashed southwest of Charlottesville-Albemarle Airport, killing two Virginia state troopers who were on board. Lieutenant H. Jay Cullen, 48, of <a href="Midlothian%2C%20Virginia">Midlothian, Virginia</a>, and Trooper-Pilot Berke M. M. Bates, 40, of <a href="Quinton%2C%20Virginia">Quinton, Virginia</a>, were on the way to assist with security and public safety in the city. The crash is being investigated by the <a href="Federal%20Aviation%20Administration">Federal Aviation Administration</a>, <a href="National%20Transportation%20Safety%20Board">National Transportation Safety Board</a> (NTSB), and Virginia State Police.

Aftermath and reactions.
Police handling of rally.
In the aftermath of the rally and the car ramming, some criticized the police handling of the rally. Claire Gastañaga, executive director of the Virginia ACLU, wrote that "The situation that occurred was preventable" and the ACLU's lawsuit, which resulted in a federal court granting an injunction allowing the rally to go forward at Emancipation Park, "did not cause it." Gastañaga wrote that: "The lack of any physical separation of the protesters and counterprotesters on the street was contributing to the potential of violence. [Police] did not respond. In fact, law enforcement was standing passively by, waiting for violence to take place, so that they would have grounds to declare an emergency, declare an 'unlawful assembly' and clear the area."

On August 12, investigative news organization <a href="ProPublica">ProPublica</a> published an article reporting that Virginia State Police troopers and Charlottesville police "wearing protective gear watched silently from behind an array of metal barricades" and allowed "white supremacists and counterprotesters to physically battle" without intervening. <a href="Adam%20Clay%20Thompson">A. C. Thompson</a> wrote that in "one of countless such confrontations," police watched passively as "an angry mob of white supremacists formed a battle line across from a group of counterprotesters, many of them older and gray-haired, who had gathered near a church parking lot. On command from their leader, the young men charged and pummeled their ideological foes with abandon. One woman was hurled to the pavement, and the blood from her bruised head was instantly visible." Many white supremacists came armed, wearing helmets and carrying "clubs, medieval-looking round wooden shields, and rectangular <a href="plexiglass">plexiglass</a> shields." Some counterprotesters also brought sticks, helmets and shields to the rally.

Virginia officials defended the police actions. Governor <a href="Terry%20McAuliffe">Terry McAuliffe</a> said police did a "magnificent job" and, "We were unfortunately sued by the ACLU, and the judge ruled against us. That rally should not have been in the middle of downtown: to disperse all those people from the park where they dispersed all over the city streets and it became a powder keg. We have to do a better job working with the judiciary. They need to listen to local city officials . ... I am angry that this was not moved to McIntire Park where the city of Charlottesville requested." 

Charlottesville Police Chief Al Thomas said that while he had "regrets" about planning, police officers had attempted to separate protesters and counterprotesters but were unable to effectively do so, in part because "Unite the Right" participants had failed to follow a previously agreed-upon plan for entering Emancipation Park: "We had a plan to bring them in at the rear of the park. They had agreed to cooperate with the plan; unfortunately they did not follow the plan. They began entering at different locations in and around the park." Thomas also wrote: "They also chose to leave the park on a number of occasions, entering the area designated for counterprotesters, walking along the street and confronting counter-protestors." Thomas denied the implications by the Virginia ACLU that police were ordered not to intervene or make arrests, saying "There were no directives from me or any other commander to stand down or disengage" and that "there were a number of altercations throughout the area in which officers intervened."

Vigils and protests.
On August 13, the day following the rally, many groups organized vigils and demonstrations in a number of cities across the country with a variety of goals, including showing support for those against white supremacy, pushing for the removal of Confederate monuments, and denouncing fascism and actions and statements by the president of the United States. 

In <a href="Brooklyn">Brooklyn</a>, demonstrators at the "Peace and Sanity" rally heard addresses by <a href="New%20York%20City%20Public%20Advocate">Public Advocate</a> <a href="Letitia%20James">Letitia James</a> and City Comptroller <a href="Scott%20Stringer">Scott Stringer</a>. In Los Angeles, hundreds gathered on the steps of <a href="Los%20Angeles%20City%20Hall">City Hall</a> to condemn white-nationalist violence and honor those killed.

Thousands of anti-Trump protesters marched around <a href="Trump%20Tower">Trump Tower</a>, with many shouting "Shame, shame, shame!" and "Lock Him Up!". In response, pro-Trump counterprotesters waved American flags and yelled "<a href="Make%20America%20Great%20Again">Make America White Again</a>" at protesters. One man gave a <a href="Nazi%20salute">Nazi salute</a> to the passing presidential motorcade.

Confrontations at the park continued on Tuesday, August 15, with counterprotestors demanding that a North Carolina man in Confederate uniform holding a Confederate flag and <a href="semi-automatic%20rifle">semi-automatic rifle</a> leave the park. When police asked him if he would like to leave, he said he would and was escorted to his vehicle.

Organizers' responses.
On the afternoon of August 13, Unite the Right organizer <a href="Jason%20Kessler">Jason Kessler</a> attempted to hold a press conference in front of Charlottesville City Hall, but was forced to abandon the conference after being attacked by an angry crowd. One man reportedly either punched or attempted to punch Kessler, and a woman tackled Kessler as he was trying to leave the scene. Police came to Kessler's aid and escorted him from the area. Hundreds of people shouted "shame" at Kessler and "say her name" (referring to Heather Heyer, the woman killed the day before). Before ending the short news conference Kessler stated “I disavow any political violence and what happened yesterday was tragic." He later posted videos online in which he blamed the city for the violence and death. One man was charged with misdemeanor assault and battery for allegedly spitting on Kessler during the news conference.

Speaking in an interview on the day of the rally, <a href="David%20Duke">David Duke</a> called the protests "a turning point for the people of this country. We are determined to take our country back. We're going to fulfill the promises of Donald Trump." Following President Trumps initial comments made three days after the rally, Duke reportedly tweeted, "Thank you President Trump for your honesty & courage to tell the truth about #Charlottesville & condemn the leftist terrorists in BLM/Antifa."

<a href="Richard%20B.%20Spencer">Richard B. Spencer</a>, who was scheduled to speak at the Unite the Right event, said he was not responsible for the violence, and he blamed counterprotesters and police.

Online responses.
<a href="Domain%20registrar">Domain registrar</a> <a href="GoDaddy">GoDaddy</a> demanded that "The Daily Stormer" move its website's domain to another provider after editor Andrew Anglin described the car-ramming victim in derogatory terms. "The" "Daily Stormer" then moved to <a href="Google%20Domains">Google Domains</a> on August 14. Google canceled the site's registration for violation of its <a href="terms%20of%20service">terms of service</a> just over 3 hours after "The Daily Stormer" registered for the service.

<a href="PayPal">PayPal</a> suspended accounts of the right-wing extremist groups run by several of the rally organizers for violating the website's terms of service, which forbid raising money for "activities that promote hate, violence or racial intolerance".

<a href="Hacktivist">Hacktivist</a> collective <a href="Anonymous%20%28group%29">Anonymous</a> shut down numerous websites associated with the Ku Klux Klan and neo-Nazi groups following the protests. Alt-right website <a href="Henrik%20Palmgren">Red Ice TV</a> was also hacked. In a video statement, they claimed that their coverage and support of the rally was the cause of the cyberattack. A <a href="Discord%20%28software%29">Discord</a> server frequented by alt-right elements was also taken down.

Before the suspect in the vehicular ramming on August 12 was revealed, there was an online campaign to identify the driver of the car used, during which a group of users incorrectly identified Joel Vangheluwe as the driver. The car used had previously belonged to Vangheluwe's father, Jerome Vangheluwe, but the car was no longer in the family's possession. After far-right news website GotNews reported that Vangheluwe was the driver, the family received numerous death threats and were advised to flee their home by local police. The family has hired a lawyer and plans to sue GotNews and other publications that published the false accusations.

On Twitter, a group of users <a href="Doxing">identified</a> white nationalist or supremacist marchers from photographs, publicizing at least nine names and identities. After being identified as a demonstrator at the rally, one individual resigned from his job at a <a href="hot%20dog%20stand">hot dog stand</a> in <a href="Berkeley%2C%20California">Berkeley, California</a>. There was at least one reported case of <a href="mistaken%20identity">mistaken identity</a>; a <a href="University%20of%20Arkansas">University of Arkansas</a> engineering professor received threatening messages from Twitter users who mistook him for a similar-looking man at the rally who wore an "Arkansas Engineering" T-shirt.

A short film produced by the <a href="United%20States%20War%20Department">United States War Department</a> in 1943 entitled "<a href="Don%27t%20Be%20a%20Sucker%21">Don't Be a Sucker!</a>", which contains <a href="Anti-racism">anti-racist</a> and <a href="anti-fascist">anti-fascist</a> themes, "found a new audience" and became a <a href="viral%20video">viral online video</a>.

A logo by artist Mike Mitchell, featuring the number 45 (referring to Trump being the 45th <a href="President%20of%20the%20United%20States">President of the United States</a>) rendered like a Nazi <a href="swastika">swastika</a> behind the <a href="No%20symbol">No symbol</a>, took off after the Charlottesville riots, used by <a href="Protests%20against%20Donald%20Trump">anti-Trump activists</a> on social media and at protests calling for his removal. The logo, which was originally created that February, was brought to attention after <a href="Keith%20Olbermann">Keith Olbermann</a> retweeted Mitchell's original post.

Political responses.
Before the rally, Virginia Senator <a href="Tim%20Kaine">Tim Kaine</a> expressed support for <a href="Freedom%20of%20speech%20in%20the%20United%20States">free speech</a>, but he condemned the rally.

In an address later in the day following the rally, Virginia Governor <a href="Terry%20McAuliffe">Terry McAuliffe</a>, flanked by Charlottesville mayor Michael Signer, and Charlottesville's police chief, directly addressed the rally participants: "I have a message to all the white supremacists and the Nazis who came into Charlottesville today. Our message is plain and simple. Go home ... You are not wanted in this great commonwealth." Signer said he was disgusted that white supremacists came to his town and he faulted President <a href="Donald%20Trump">Donald Trump</a> for inflaming racial tensions during his <a href="Donald%20Trump%20presidential%20campaign%2C%202016">2016 campaign</a>, stating: "I'm not going to make any bones about it. I place the blame for a lot of what you're seeing in America today right at the doorstep of the White House and the people around the president."

<a href="University%20of%20Virginia%20Center%20for%20Politics">University of Virginia Center for Politics</a> director <a href="Larry%20J.%20Sabato">Larry J. Sabato</a>, who lives on the university grounds and saw the march on August 11, said that the weekend was among the university's darkest days, stating: "I hope people will put it into context and understand that we had no control over the individuals organizing it, nor the people who showed up. What we can control is our personal and institutional reaction to it. What I saw was pure evil."

German Chancellor <a href="Angela%20Merkel">Angela Merkel</a> called the violence "horrifying" and "evil" and said: "It is racist, far-right violence and clear, forceful action must be taken against it, regardless of where in the world it happens." German Justice Minister <a href="Heiko%20Maas">Heiko Maas</a> similarly condemned the violence, antisemitism, and racism of the neo-Nazis at the rally. 

<a href="White%20House%20Chief%20Strategist">White House Chief Strategist</a> <a href="Steve%20Bannon">Steve Bannon</a> in his interview with <a href="Robert%20Kuttner">Robert Kuttner</a>, called the far-right as "irrelevant" after Kuttner asked him about the "ugly white nationalism epitomized by the racist violence in Charlottesville and Trump’s reluctance to condemn it." He quoted Bannon as saying, "Ethno-nationalism – it’s losers. It’s a fringe element. I think the media plays it up too much, and we gotta help crush it, you know, uh, help crush it more … These guys are a collection of clowns."

President Trump's statements.
First statement.
On August 12, Trump spoke on camera from his vacation home in New Jersey, saying "We all must be united and condemn all that hate stands for. There is no place for this kind of violence in America. Let's come together as one!" He said, "we condem in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides, on many sides." He added, "What is vital now is a swift restoration of law and order."

A spokesperson for Trump later released an addendum to his remarks, stating, "The President said very strongly in his statement yesterday that he condemns all forms of violence, bigotry, and hatred. Of course that includes white supremacists, KKK Neo-Nazi and all extremist groups. He called for national unity and bringing all Americans together." (The statement was re-released after an initial draft released to media outlets such as <a href="CNN">CNN</a> [on which the typo was noted by <a href="Brian%20Stelter">Brian Stelter</a>, media columnist and host of "<a href="Reliable%20Sources">Reliable Sources</a>"] misspelled "neo-nazi" as "nephew-nazi".)

Trump's "many sides" comment was criticized as insufficient by some members of Congress, from both the <a href="Democratic%20Party%20%28United%20States%29">Democratic</a> and <a href="Republican%20Party%20%28United%20States%29">Republican</a> parties. 

Whereas members of both political parties condemned the hatred and violence of white nationalists, neo-Nazis and alt-right activists, "The New York Times" noted that Trump "was the only national political figure to spread blame for the 'hatred, bigotry and violence' that resulted in the death of one person to 'many sides'". The decision was reported to have come from <a href="White%20House%20Chief%20Strategist">White House Chief Strategist</a> <a href="Steve%20Bannon">Steve Bannon</a>.

The <a href="Congressional%20Black%20Caucus">Congressional Black Caucus</a> decried what it saw as Trump's <a href="False%20equivalence">false equivalency</a> and <a href="dog-whistle%20politics">dog-whistle politics</a>, saying "White supremacy is to blame." Republican U.S. Representative <a href="Justin%20Amash">Justin Amash</a> and Senators <a href="Cory%20Gardner">Cory Gardner</a>, <a href="Jeff%20Flake">Jeff Flake</a>, <a href="Orrin%20Hatch">Orrin Hatch</a>, and <a href="Marco%20Rubio">Marco Rubio</a> all called upon Trump to specifically condemn white supremacists and neo-Nazis; in a tweet that was retweeted by Flake, Gardner said: "Mr. President – we must call evil by its name. These were white supremacists and this was domestic terrorism." <a href="Virginia%20Attorney%20General">Virginia Attorney General</a> <a href="Mark%20Herring">Mark Herring</a> said: "The violence, chaos, and apparent loss of life in Charlottesville is not the fault of 'many sides.' It is racists and white supremacists." Senator Orrin Hatch (R-UT), whose brother was <a href="killed%20in%20action">killed in action</a> in Europe during <a href="World%20War%20II">World War II</a>, tweeted, "We should call evil by its name. My brother didn't give his life fighting <a href="Adolf%20Hitler">Hitler</a> for <a href="Nazi">Nazi</a> ideas to go unchallenged here at home." 

Senator <a href="Cory%20Gardner">Cory Gardner</a> (R-CO) called it "<a href="domestic%20terrorism">domestic terrorism</a>" in a tweet, and a few hours later Republican senator <a href="Ted%20Cruz">Ted Cruz</a> wrote on Facebook, "The Nazis, the KKK, and white supremacists are repulsive and evil, and all of us have a moral obligation to speak out against the lies, bigotry, anti-Semitism, and hatred that they propagate ... [H]aving watched the horrifying video of the car deliberately crashing into a crowd of protesters, I urge the Department of Justice to immediately investigate and prosecute this grotesque act of domestic terrorism."

Former Ku Klux Klan leader <a href="David%20Duke">David Duke</a> responded by saying that Trump should "take a good look in the mirror & remember it was White Americans who put you in the presidency, not radical leftists". Other white supremacists and neo-Nazis did not object to Trump's remarks. "Daily Stormer" editor <a href="Andrew%20Anglin">Andrew Anglin</a> said "Trump did the opposite of cuck. He refused to even mention anything to do with us. When reporters were screaming at him about White Nationalism he just walked out of the room."

The <a href="National%20Association%20for%20the%20Advancement%20of%20Colored%20People">NAACP</a> released a statement saying that while they "acknowledge and appreciate President Trump's disavowment of the hatred which has resulted in a loss of life today", they call on Trump "to take the tangible step to remove Steve Bannon – a well-known white supremacist leader – from his team of advisers". The statement further describes Bannon as a "symbol of white nationalism" who "energizes that sentiment" through his current position within the White House. 

Political scientist <a href="Larry%20Sabato">Larry Sabato</a>, playwright <a href="Beau%20Willimon">Beau Willimon</a>, conservative journalist <a href="David%20A.%20French">David A. French</a>, Democratic U.S. Representative <a href="Ted%20Lieu">Ted Lieu</a> and <a href="House%20Minority%20Leader">House Minority Leader</a> <a href="Nancy%20Pelosi">Nancy Pelosi</a> also called for Bannon's firing. Two former federal government lawyers, <a href="Vanita%20Gupta">Vanita Gupta</a> and <a href="Richard%20Painter">Richard Painter</a>, who worked in the <a href="Obama%20administration">administrations of Barack Obama</a> and <a href="George%20W.%20Bush%20administration">George W. Bush</a>, respectively, called for both Bannon and <a href="Deputy%20Assistant%20to%20the%20President">Deputy Assistant to the President</a> <a href="Sebastian%20Gorka">Sebastian Gorka</a> to be fired. 

Bannon was fired on August 18, on the heels of an "<a href="The%20American%20Prospect">American Prospect</a>" interview, in which he mockingly downplayed Trump's threats of military action on North Korea, and put down his administration colleagues and the far-right, which White House aides felt would likely provoke Trump; two unnamed administration officials claimed that Trump had informed senior aides of his decision to remove Bannon that day, while a personal colleague of Bannon's claimed that Bannon submitted his resignation on August 7, with the announcement (which was to have occurred earlier that week) being delayed in the wake of the Charlottesville rally.

The <a href="Congressional%20Progressive%20Caucus">Congressional Progressive Caucus</a> and U.S. Representative <a href="Bill%20Pascrell">Bill Pascrell</a> (D-NJ) called on Trump to fire <a href="Senior%20Advisor%20to%20the%20President">Senior Advisor to the President</a> <a href="Stephen%20Miller%20%28political%20advisor%29">Stephen Miller</a> in addition to Bannon and Gorka, because of Miller's alleged white nationalist ties.

Second statement.
On August 14, from the White House, President Trump said:
Trump had reportedly been reluctant to issue this statement, believing that his initial statement was adequate, but he was persuaded to speak again by <a href="White%20House%20Chief%20of%20Staff">White House Chief of Staff</a> <a href="John%20F.%20Kelly">John F. Kelly</a>.

Richard B. Spencer dismissed Trump's second statement as "hollow" and he also said that he believed that Trump had not denounced either the alt-right movement or white nationalism. <a href="South%20Carolina">South Carolina</a> Senator <a href="Tim%20Scott">Tim Scott</a> (one of <a href="List%20of%20African-American%20United%20States%20Senators">three African Americans serving in the U.S. Senate</a>, and the only Republican among the three), also said the second statement came too late; "<a href="The%20Los%20Angeles%20Times">The Los Angeles Times</a>"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s editorial board wrote that "Trump's first response to Charlottesville was tepid and mealy mouthed. His second was too late." 

NAACP president <a href="Cornell%20William%20Brooks">Cornell William Brooks</a> said Trump's second statement stuck to a "rhetorical minimum" of a condemnation, and "gave the impression that the President was trying to have his hate cake and eat it too".

Trump later tweeted "Made additional remarks on Charlottesville and realize once again that the #Fake News Media will never be satisfied...truly bad people!"

Third statement.
On August 15, Trump appeared before the media from his home at <a href="Trump%20Tower">Trump Tower</a> in New York City, to give prepared remarks about the state of the U.S. infrastructure and other economic issues. After reading his prepared statement, Trump took question from the media who asked questions mostly about the Charlottesville events. Trump defended his August 12 statement and repeated his claim that there was "blame on both sides." He also defended White House advisor <a href="Steve%20Bannon">Steve Bannon</a>, and accused the media of unfair treatment of the rally′s participants. Trump said: "Not all of those people were neo-Nazis, believe me. Not all of those people were white supremacists by any stretch." Trump said that the <a href="Removal%20of%20Confederate%20monuments%20and%20memorials">push to remove Confederate statues</a> was an attempt to ″change history″. Trump also said that there were "very fine people on both sides". Trump criticized what he called the "very, very violent ... alt-left". 

In an interview published the next day, Bannon said the press conference was as a "defining moment" and that Trump chose to jettison the "globalists" and align himself with "his people. He said he was "proud of how [Trump] stood up to the braying mob of reporters."

According to <a href="Princeton%20University">Princeton University</a> historian <a href="Kevin%20M.%20Kruse">Kevin M. Kruse</a>, there is a historical "false equivalency" precedent to blaming "both sides" in disputes over race relations. Kruse notes that <a href="Racial%20segregation">segregationist</a> politicians often equated white supremacists with the <a href="African-American%20Civil%20Rights%20Movement%20%281954%E2%80%931968%29">civil rights movement</a>, condemning both the KKK and the NAACP. Various historians also questioned Trump's suggestion that the individuals calling for the removal of Confederate monuments would next demand the removal of figures like George Washington and Thomas Jefferson. Harvard historian <a href="Annette%20Gordon-Reed">Annette Gordon-Reed</a> and others noted that Washington and Jefferson were imperfect men who are notable for creating the United States, whereas the sole historical significance of Confederate figures such as Robert E. Lee and Jefferson Davis is that they went to war against the United States to defend "the right of people to own other people." 

Other historians noted that some wanted the Confederate monuments moved to museums where the monuments could be appropriately contextualized. <a href="Douglas%20A.%20Blackmon">Douglas A. Blackmon</a>, senior fellow at the University of Virginia's <a href="Miller%20Center%20of%20Public%20Affairs">Miller Center of Public Affairs</a> and author of <a href="Slavery%20by%20Another%20Name">a book</a> on slavery and its aftermath in the U.S. told "<a href="The%20Washington%20Post">The Washington Post</a>": "Trump either does not understand the history of the Confederacy or he's sympathetic to white nationalist views. ... [T]hese statues are offensive to millions of citizens that he governs. … When you reach a point that there are hate groups that engage in terrorist attacks, that these statues are being appropriated and used in [that] way … simply take [them] down." 

<a href="Carol_M._Swain">Carol Swain</a>, a former political science professor at <a href="Vanderbilt%20University">Vanderbilt University</a>, presented an opposing viewpoint: "Just coming out and denouncing white supremacy, and painting everyone with the same broad brush, does not solve the problem. There are black nationalists, there are white nationalists, there are Hispanic nationalists, and so we can’t say it’s just one group. So the president was correct when he said that there were many forces involved. Had the counter-protesters not been there, maybe the entire rally would have ended differently.

More than 60 Democratic and Republican members of the U.S. House of Representatives and the United States Senate condemned Trump's remarks. Among those were Senators <a href="Bernie%20Sanders">Bernie Sanders</a>, <a href="John%20McCain">John McCain</a>, <a href="Tim%20Scott">Tim Scott</a>, <a href="Susan%20Collins">Susan Collins</a>, <a href="Chuck%20Schumer">Chuck Schumer</a>, <a href="Cory%20Booker">Cory Booker</a>, <a href="Elizabeth%20Warren">Elizabeth Warren</a>, <a href="Jeff%20Flake">Jeff Flake</a>, <a href="Orrin%20Hatch">Orrin Hatch</a>, <a href="Heidi%20Heitkamp">Heidi Heitkamp</a>, <a href="Claire%20McCaskill">Claire McCaskill</a>, <a href="Dean%20Heller">Dean Heller</a> and <a href="Tammy%20Duckworth">Tammy Duckworth</a>, and House members <a href="Bobby%20Scott%20%28politician%29">Robert C. "Bobby" Scott</a>, <a href="Don%20Beyer">Don Beyer</a>, <a href="Barbara%20Comstock">Barbara Comstock</a>, <a href="Ileana%20Ros-Lehtinen">Ileana Ros-Lehtinen</a>, <a href="Will%20Hurd">Will Hurd</a> and <a href="Gerry%20Connolly">Gerry Connolly</a>, as well as <a href="Governor%20of%20Ohio">Ohio Governor</a> <a href="John%20Kasich">John Kasich</a> and former <a href="Governor%20of%20Massachusetts">Massachusetts Governor</a> <a href="Mitt%20Romney">Mitt Romney</a>. <a href="Party%20leaders%20of%20the%20United%20States%20House%20of%20Representatives%23Minority%20Leader">House Minority Leader</a> <a href="Nancy%20Pelosi">Nancy Pelosi</a> said, "The president's continued talk of blame 'on many sides' ignores the abhorrent evil of white supremacism..." <a href="Speaker%20%28politics%29%23United%20States">Speaker of the House</a> <a href="Paul%20Ryan">Paul Ryan</a> stated, "We must be clear. White supremacy is repulsive. This bigotry is counter to all this country stands for. There can be no moral ambiguity." 

Former presidents <a href="George%20H.%20W.%20Bush">George H. W. Bush</a> and <a href="George%20W.%20Bush">George W. Bush</a> stated that, "America must always reject racial bigotry, anti-Semitism, and hatred in all forms. As we pray for Charlottesville, we are reminded of the fundamental truths recorded by that city's most prominent citizen in the Declaration of Independence: we are all created equal and endowed by our Creator with unalienable rights. We know these truths to be everlasting because we have seen the decency and greatness of our country."

On August 16, Representatives <a href="Jerrold%20Nadler">Jerrold Nadler</a> of New York, <a href="Pramila%20Jayapal">Pramila Jayapal</a> of <a href="Washington%20%28state%29">Washington State</a> and <a href="Bonnie%20Watson%20Coleman">Bonnie Watson Coleman</a> of <a href="New%20Jersey">New Jersey</a> unveiled a resolution that the three House Democrats co-authored, which would <a href="Censure%20in%20the%20United%20States">censure</a> Trump for his "inadequate response to the violence", his "failure to immediately and specifically name and condemn the white supremacist groups responsible for actions of domestic terrorism," and for employing chief strategist Steve Bannon and national security aide Sebastian Gorka despite their “ties to white supremacist movements.” 

Criticism of the comments also extended to the corporate world; among others, <a href="21st%20Century%20Fox">21st Century Fox</a> CEO <a href="James%20Murdoch">James Murdoch</a> said in a email to friends that was obtained by "<a href="The%20Hollywood%20Reporter">The Hollywood Reporter</a>", "[W]hat we watched this last week in Charlottesville and the reaction to it by the president of the United States concern all of us as Americans and free people. These events remind us all why vigilance against hate and bigotry is an eternal obligation — a necessary discipline for the preservation of our way of life and our ideals" (Murdoch also pledged a $1 million donation to the Anti-Defamation League, urging his friends to also make contributions).

Additional controversy resulted from a <a href="Facebook">Facebook</a> post by <a href="Missouri%20Senate">Missouri State Sen.</a> <a href="Maria%20Chappelle-Nadal">Maria Chappelle-Nadal</a> in which she commented, "I hope Trump is assassinated!," in response to the president's comments. In apologizing for the remark, Chapple-Nadal said to "<a href="The%20Kansas%20City%20Star">The Kansas City Star</a>" that she posted the comment in frustration of the "trauma and despair" of Trump's statements about the Charlottesville rally. 

The post, which she deleted shortly after posting it but not before it was circulated online, led several state and national politicians, including U.S. Senator Claire McCaskill and House Representative <a href="Lacy%20Clay">Lacy Clay</a>, to call for her resignation; State Rep. <a href="Joshua%20Peters">Joshua Peters</a> also submitted a letter to State Senate <a href="President%20pro%20tempore">President pro tempore</a> <a href="Tom%20Dempsey%20%28Missouri%20politician%29">Tom Dempsey</a> (chairman of the Missouri Rules, Joint Rules, Resolutions and Ethics Committee) requesting that a special committee consider Chappelle-Nadal's "censure or removal" from office.

The fallout from the third statement also led to renewed calls for Trump to resign or be removed from office through either <a href="impeachment">impeachment</a> or through invocation of Section 4 of the <a href="Twenty-fifth%20Amendment%20to%20the%20United%20States%20Constitution">25th Amendment to the Constitution</a>. In an August 15 Twitter post, Democratic House Representative <a href="Jackie%20Speier">Jackie Speier</a> of California suggested that the never-before-used article of the 25th Amendment (which allows the vice president and either a majority of the cabinet or another body such as Congress to declare that a president is unable to discharge the powers and duties of his office) be invoked to remove Trump. Democratic Rep. <a href="Steve%20Cohen">Steve Cohen</a> of Tennessee announced on August 17, that he would introduce articles of impeachment against President Trump for his remarks in the press conference, stating that Trump had “failed the presidential test of moral leadership.” Arnold Schwarzenegger made an online video criticizing Trump's statement and presented a speech condemning the racists and stating Trump should've said something like that.

In an August 18 interview with <a href="American%20Broadcasting%20Company">ABC</a>'s "<a href="Good%20Morning%20America">Good Morning America</a>", Heather Heyer's mother, Susan Bro, stated that she has not "and now[..] will not" meet with President Trump after hearing about his statement. Bro said, "I'm not talking to the president now. I'm sorry, after what he said about my child. It's not that I saw somebody else's tweets about him. I saw an actual clip of him at a press conference equating the protesters, like Ms. Heyer, with the KKK and the white supremacists."

The fallout from this statement also led to renewed calls for Trump's removal from the <a href="WWE%20Hall%20of%20Fame">WWE Hall of Fame</a>. Additionally, a petition to strip Trump of an honorary law degree from <a href="Lehigh%20University">Lehigh University</a> by a recent graduate went viral following his comments, gaining over 15,000 signatures. Trump was previously stripped of an honorary degree from <a href="Scotland">Scotland</a>'s <a href="Robert%20Gordon%20University">Robert Gordon University</a> in 2015. If he loses his degree from Lehigh, Trump will only have three honorary degrees remaining; two from <a href="Liberty%20University">Liberty University</a> and one from <a href="Wagner%20College">Wagner College</a>.

Resignations from and dissolution of presidential advisory councils.
<a href="Kenneth%20Frazier">Kenneth Frazier</a>, the CEO of <a href="Merck%20%26amp%3B%20Co.">Merck</a>, resigned from the President's <a href="American%20Manufacturing%20Council">American Manufacturing Council</a> on August 14, in reaction to the President's response to the rally. Trump quickly responded by attacking Frazier <a href="Donald%20Trump%20on%20social%20media">on Twitter</a>. Frazier received widespread support from major figures in politics, media and business, and several commentators noted that it took Trump only minutes to condemn Frazier, but it took him several days to denounce the neo-Nazis and white supremacists who marched in Charlottesville. <a href="Under%20Armour">Under Armour</a> founder and CEO <a href="Kevin%20Plank">Kevin Plank</a> and <a href="Intel">Intel</a> chief executive <a href="Brian%20Krzanich">Brian Krzanich</a> also resigned from the council that same day, followed by the resignations of <a href="AFL%E2%80%93CIO">AFL–CIO</a> president <a href="Richard%20Trumka">Richard Trumka</a>, economist and former AFL–CIO deputy chief of staff Thea Lee, and <a href="Alliance%20for%20American%20Manufacturing">Alliance for American Manufacturing</a> president Scott Paul on August 15. The following morning, two more CEOs—<a href="Denise%20Morrison">Denise Morrison</a> of <a href="Campbell%20Soup">Campbell Soup</a> and <a href="Inge%20Thulin">Inge Thulin</a> of <a href="3M">3M</a>—announced that they would resign from American Manufacturing Council. <a href="Wal-Mart">Wal-Mart</a> CEO <a href="Doug%20McMillon">Doug McMillon</a> also directly criticized Trump's leadership, saying Trump "missed a critical opportunity to help bring our country together."

On August 16, after the members of the advisory councils moved to disband, Trump dissolved both councils. Stanford Graduate School of Business professor Anat R. Admati said that Trump's equivocations on white nationalist groups had "put them in a very difficult position" and caused critical damage to the president's relationship with corporate leaders.

On August 18, 16 of the 17 members of the <a href="President%27s%20Committee%20on%20the%20Arts%20and%20Humanities">President's Committee on the Arts and Humanities</a> resigned in protest of Trump's response to the rally. The resigning members stated in a letter to the President, "Reproach and censure in the strongest possible terms are necessary following your support of the hate groups and terrorists who killed and injured fellow Americans in Charlottesville." Representatives for the sole remaining member, film director <a href="George%20C.%20Wolfe">George C. Wolfe</a>, stated that he, too, would be resigning and would add his name to the letter. The White House responded with a statement reading in part, "Earlier this month it was decided that President Trump will not renew the Executive Order for the President's Committee on the Arts and the Humanities (PCAH), which expires later this year."

Religious responses.
The General Secretary of the <a href="World%20Council%20of%20Churches">World Council of Churches</a>, <a href="Olav%20Fykse%20Tveit">Olav Fykse Tveit</a>, stated that "Terror and violence against peaceful people seeking justice in Charlottesville must be condemned by all...We are proud of moral leadership by clergy and lay people standing against this promotion of racism and white supremacy."

The <a href="United%20Methodist%20Church">United Methodist Church</a>, the <a href="Evangelical%20Lutheran%20Church%20in%20America">Evangelical Lutheran Church in America</a>, and the <a href="Orthodox%20Church%20in%20America">Orthodox Church in America</a>, all of which are members of the <a href="World%20Council%20of%20Churches">World Council of Churches</a>, each individually condemned the Unite the Right rally and the racist ideology behind it, as did <a href="The%20Church%20of%20Jesus%20Christ%20of%20Latter-day%20Saints">The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints</a> and the <a href="Catholic%20Church">Catholic Church</a>.

The <a href="Rabbinical%20Council%20of%20America">Rabbinical Council of America</a>, the leading organization of orthodox rabbis in North America, strongly condemned the violence and bigotry displayed at the demonstration

Statue removals.
Following the violence in Charlottesville, <a href="List%20of%20monuments%20and%20memorials%20of%20the%20Confederate%20States%20of%20America">Confederate statues</a> were removed from several locations across the United States. In Baltimore, the city's four Confederate statues were removed on the night of August 15–16; Mayor <a href="Catherine%20Pugh">Catherine Pugh</a> said that she had ordered the overnight removals to preserve public safety. 

In <a href="Durham%2C%20North%20Carolina">Durham, North Carolina</a>, several protesters toppled a statue outside the Old Durham County Courthouse; four activists were arrested in connection with the toppling. In <a href="Lexington%2C%20Kentucky">Lexington, Kentucky</a>, Mayor <a href="Jim%20Gray%20%28American%20politician%29">Jim Gray</a> asked the city council to approve the relocation of two statues from a courthouse.

A plaque in <a href="Montreal">Montreal</a> that was installed in a <a href="Hudson%27s%20Bay%20Company">Hudson's Bay Company</a> store commemorating <a href="Jefferson%20Davis">Jefferson Davis</a>'s brief stay in the city by the <a href="United%20Daughters%20of%20the%20Confederacy">United Daughters of the Confederacy</a> in 1957 was removed following the rally, after many citizens complained.



</doc>
<doc id="54794977" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54794977" title="Jeddah (disambiguation)">
Jeddah (disambiguation)

<a href="Jeddah">Jeddah</a> is a port city in Saudi Arabia.

Jeddah may also refer to:



</doc>
<doc id="54795088" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54795088" title="Gabriela (1942 film)">
Gabriela (1942 film)

Gabriela is a 1942 Czech <a href="drama%20film">drama film</a> directed by <a href="%20Miroslav%20Josef%20Krnansk%C3%BD%20"> Miroslav Josef Krnanský </a> and starring <a href="%20Marie%20Gl%C3%A1zrov%C3%A1"> Marie Glázrová</a>, <a href="Karel%20H%C3%B6ger">Karel Höger</a> and <a href="Vladim%C3%ADr%20Leraus">Vladimír Leraus</a>.

It was made in <a href="Prague">Prague</a> during the <a href="Protectorate%20of%20Bohemia%20and%20Moravia">German occupation</a> of <a href="Czechoslovakia">Czechoslovakia</a>. The film's sets were designed by the <a href="art%20director">art director</a> <a href="Alois%20Mecera">Alois Mecera</a>.




</doc>
<doc id="54795122" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54795122" title="Off-target activity">
Off-target activity

Off-target activity is <a href="biological%20activity">biological activity</a> of a <a href="drug">drug</a> that is different from and not at that of its intended <a href="biological%20target">biological target</a>. It most commonly contributes to <a href="side%20effect">side effect</a>s. However, in some cases, off-target activity can be taken advantage of for therapeutic purposes. An example of this is the repurposing of the <a href="antimineralocorticoid">antimineralocorticoid</a> and <a href="diuretic">diuretic</a> <a href="spironolactone">spironolactone</a>, which was known to produce <a href="feminization%20%28biology%29">feminization</a> and <a href="gynecomastia">gynecomastia</a> as side effects, for use as an <a href="antiandrogen">antiandrogen</a> in the treatment of conditions like <a href="acne">acne</a> and <a href="hirsutism">hirsutism</a>.


</doc>
<doc id="54795154" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54795154" title="Oleksandr Stetsenko">
Oleksandr Stetsenko

Oleksandr Stetsenko (; born 2 March 1990 in <a href="Kyiv">Kyiv</a>, <a href="Ukrainian%20SSR">Ukrainian SSR</a>) is a <a href="Ukraine">Ukrainian</a> <a href="football%20%28soccer%29">football</a> <a href="Defender%20%28football%29">defender</a>.

Career.
Stetsenko is a product of FC Vidradnyi Kyiv Youth Sportive School system. 

He spent his career as a player in the <a href="Ukrainian%20First%20League">Ukrainian First League</a> and the <a href="Ukrainian%20Second%20League">Ukrainian Second League</a>. In August 2017 he signed a contract with Tajikistani football club <a href="FC%20Istiklol">Istiklol</a>.



</doc>
<doc id="54795163" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54795163" title="Vaadikkadu, Pudukkottai">
Vaadikkadu, Pudukkottai

<a href="Aranthangi%20block">Aranthangi</a><a href="revenue%20block">revenue block</a> of <a href="Pudukkottai%20district">Pudukkottai district</a>,
<a href="Tamil%20Nadu">Tamil Nadu</a>, <a href="India">India</a>.

Demographics.
As per the 2007 census, Vaadikkadu had a total population of 773
with 394 males and 374 females.


</doc>
<doc id="54795185" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54795185" title="Nissan Heritage Collection">
Nissan Heritage Collection

The Nissan Heritage Collection is a private car gallery located in the <a href="Nissan">Nissan</a> engine manufacturing plant in <a href="Yokohama">Yokohama</a>, <a href="Japan">Japan</a>.

The facility houses more than 450 cars dating as far back as the 1930s and features a wide range of competition cars such as the <a href="Nissan%20R390%20GT1">R390 Le Mans</a> race car and the <a href="Fairlady%20Z">Fairlady Z</a>. The museum focuses on restoration and safekeeping of <a href="Datsun">Datsun</a>, Prince and <a href="Nissan">Nissan</a> cars, and is curated by former Nissan career employees. Visits to the facility are limited and must be booked and approved in advance.


</doc>
<doc id="54795202" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54795202" title="2011 in BRACE">
2011 in BRACE

The year 2011 is the 3rd year in the history of <a href="BRACE">BRACE</a>, a <a href="mixed%20martial%20arts">mixed martial arts</a> promotion based in Australia. In 2011 BRACE held 2 events.

BRACE 13.
BACE 13 was an event held on November 19, 2011, at <a href="Townsville%20Entertainment%20Centre">Townsville Entertainment Centre</a>, <a href="Townsville">Townsville</a>, Australia.

BRACE 12.
BRACE 12 was an event held on October 15, 2011, at <a href="Derwent%20Entertainment%20Centre">Derwent Entertainment Centre</a>, <a href="Hobart">Hobart</a>, Australia.

BRACE 11.
BRACE 11 was an event held on September 17, 2011, at Chandler Theatre, <a href="Brisbane">Brisbane</a>, Australia.

BRACE 10.
BRACE 10 was an event held on August 27, 2011, at Convention Centre, <a href="Canberra">Canberra</a>, Australia.

BRACE 9.
BACE 9 was an event held on June 4, 2011, at <a href="Townsville%20Entertainment%20Centre">Townsville Entertainment Centre</a>, <a href="Townsville">Townsville</a>, Australia.

BRACE 8.
BRACE 8 was an event held on April 30, 2011 at Mansfield Taver, n <a href="Brisbane">Brisbane</a>, Australia.

BRACE 7.
BRACE 7 was an event held on January, 2011, at Convention Centre, <a href="Canberra">Canberra</a>, Australia.


</doc>
<doc id="54795215" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54795215" title="Thorpe Morieux Woods">
Thorpe Morieux Woods

Thorpe Morieux Woods is a 45.2 hectare biological <a href="Site%20of%20Special%20Scientific%20Interest">Site of Special Scientific Interest</a> north of <a href="Thorpe%20Morieux">Thorpe Morieux</a> in <a href="Suffolk">Suffolk</a>. Part of it is <a href="Bull%27s%20Wood">Bull's Wood</a>, a nature reserve managed by the <a href="Suffolk%20Wildlife%20Trust">Suffolk Wildlife Trust</a>.

These ancient semi-natural woods are managed by coppicing. The soil is poorly drained <a href="boulder%20clay">boulder clay</a>, and common trees include <a href="pedunculate%20oak">pedunculate oak</a>. <a href="Bramble">Bramble</a> and <a href="dog%27s%20mercury">dog's mercury</a> are dominant in the ground flora, with extensive <a href="oxlip">oxlip</a> in some areas.

There is access to Bull's Wood, and a footpath goes through Thorpe Wood, but there is no public access to Felsham Wood or Great Hastings Wood.


</doc>
<doc id="54795271" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54795271" title="Tawag ng Tanghalan (season 2)">
Tawag ng Tanghalan (season 2)

The second season of "<a href="Tawag%20ng%20Tanghalan">Tawag ng Tanghalan</a>" is a <a href="Philippines">Philippine</a> amateur singing competition currently aired as a segment of the noontime show "<a href="It%27s%20Showtime%20%28variety%20show%29">It's Showtime</a>" beginning June 12, 2017.

<a href="Rey%20Valera">Rey Valera</a>, <a href="Yeng%20Constantino">Yeng Constantino</a>, <a href="Louie%20Ocampo">Louie Ocampo</a>, <a href="Ogie%20Alcasid">Ogie Alcasid</a> and <a href="Tawag%20ng%20Tanghalan%23Regular%20Judges">among others</a>, reprise their duties as judges. <a href="Vice%20Ganda">Vice Ganda</a>, <a href="Vhong%20Navarro">Vhong Navarro</a>, <a href="Anne%20Curtis">Anne Curtis</a> and <a href="Amy%20Perez">Amy Perez</a> also returns as host. They are accompanied by new hosts–<a href="James%20Reid%20%28entertainer%29">James Reid</a> and <a href="Nadine%20Lustre">Nadine Lustre</a> since May 2017.

Semi Finals.
The final score of each Semi-Finalist will be the combined "hurados" (judges') scores (50%) and public text votes (50%) during the week-long competition.

Quarter I.
The first quarter of the contest covered the months from June to August. The week-long showdown took place on August 7–12, 2017.

Jovany Satera and Alfred Relatado (Mindanao) were the first two grand finalists.


</doc>
<doc id="54795286" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54795286" title="Portrait of a Man with a Book">
Portrait of a Man with a Book

Portrait of a Man with a Book is an oil on canvas painting by <a href="Correggio">Correggio</a>, dated to around 1522. It was bequeathed to the <a href="Pinacoteca%20del%20Castello%20Sforzesco">Pinacoteca del Castello Sforzesco</a> in Milan (where it now hangs) in 1945 by Lydia Caprara Morando Attendolo Bolognini. It is sometimes instead attributed to <a href="Parmigianino">Parmigianino</a> but majority opinion is that it dates to Correggio's first mature period, which is supported by the fact that it was painted directly on top of the sketch, an informal technique suggesting it was made for a close friend of the artist.

It shows a man in a black coat and black cap three-quarter-length against a wooded background, reading from a tiny book held in his right hand, argued by <a href="Roberto%20Longhi">Roberto Longhi</a> to be a <a href="book%20of%20hours">book of hours</a> and by others such as Muzzi to be a "Petrarchino" (ie a miniature edition of <a href="Petrarch">Petrarch</a>'s "<a href="Il%20Canzoniere">Il Canzoniere</a>"). If it is the latter, the bee in the background may refer to poems CXC and CCCXIX of the work.



</doc>
<doc id="54795299" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54795299" title="Yamb (game)">
Yamb (game)

Yamb is a public domain dice game similar to <a href="Yacht%20%28dice%20game%29">Yacht</a> and <a href="Yahtzee">Yahtzee</a> (trademarked by <a href="Hasbro">Hasbro</a> in the <a href="United%20States">United States</a>). 

Gameplay.
Yamb can be played <a href="solitaire">solitaire</a> or by any number of players. Players take turns rolling five dice. After each roll, the player chooses which dice to keep, and which to reroll. A player may reroll some or all of the dice up to two times on a turn. The player must put a score or zero into a score box each turn. The game ends when all score boxes are used. The player with the highest total score wins the game.

The table consists of several columns (usually 4 or 6) and two sections. 

Each column is filled according to the following rules:

Basic columns.
Up - The column fills down from top to bottom (first you need to enter the category of ones, then twos, etc.).

Down - The column fills up from the bottom to top (first you need to enter the yamb category, then carriage, etc.).

Free (or Random) - The column is filled without any restrictions.

Announce - To make an entry in this column you have to submit declarations after first turn giving the desired category. The entry can not then be changed.

Extra columns.
It is possible to expand the game with additional columns selected at the discretion of the players. The most common additional columns include:

Up-Down - The column fills up from bottom and top at the same time.

Middle - The column fills in both directions (from MIN up and from MAX down)

Hand - the entry into the column can be made only after first roll. (Without the two rerolls)

Maximum - column entry can only be made when the point value is close to the maximum value.

Scoring.
The following combinations earn points:


Upper Section:.
If a player manages to score at least 63 points (an average of three of each number) in the upper section, they are awarded a bonus of 30 points.

Lower Section:.
"Two Pairs" and "Full House" must have different numbers so that the combination 15566 will score 32 as "Two Pairs", but 15555 will score nothing in that category.

Differences from Yahtzee.
Yahtzee rules and scoring categories are somewhat different from Yamb: 


</doc>
<doc id="54795307" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54795307" title="Jordy Gillekens">
Jordy Gillekens

Jordy Gillekens (born 18 February 2000) is a <a href="Belgium">Belgian</a> professional <a href="association%20football">footballer</a> who plays for <a href="Oud-Heverlee%20Leuven">OH Leuven</a> in the <a href="Belgian%20First%20Division%20B">Belgian First Division B</a>. Gillekens made his debut for OH Leuven on 5 August 2017 in the home match against <a href="Lierse%20S.K.">Lierse</a>.

Personal.
Gillekens' older brother <a href="Nick%20Gillekens">Nick Gillekens</a> also plays for <a href="Oud-Heverlee%20Leuven">OH Leuven</a>.


</doc>
<doc id="54795374" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54795374" title="In the Still of the Night (film)">
In the Still of the Night (film)

In the Still of the Night (Czech: Za tichých noci) is a 1941 Czech <a href="drama%20film">drama film</a> directed by <a href="Zden%C4%9Bk%20Gina%20Ha%C5%A1ler">Zdeněk Gina Hašler</a> and starring <a href="L%C3%ADda%20Baarov%C3%A1">Lída Baarová</a>, <a href="Lilly%20Hod%C3%A1%C4%8Dov%C3%A1">Lilly Hodáčová</a> and <a href="Karel%20H%C3%B6ger">Karel Höger</a>.

It was made during the <a href="Protectorate%20of%20Bohemia%20and%20Moravia">German occupation</a> of <a href="Czechoslovakia">Czechoslovakia</a>. The film's sets were designed by the <a href="art%20director">art director</a> <a href="Ferdinand%20Fiala">Ferdinand Fiala</a>. It was distributed in Germany by <a href="Tobis%20Film">Tobis Film</a>.




</doc>
<doc id="54795405" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54795405" title="C. Anandharamakrishnan">
C. Anandharamakrishnan

Anandharamakrishnan Chinnaswamy, commonly referred to as Anandharamakrishnan is an Indian scientist and academician in the field of <a href="food%20processing">food processing</a>. Presently, he is the Director, <a href="Indian%20Institute%20of%20Food%20Processing%20Technology">Indian Institute of Food Processing Technology</a>, <a href="Thanjavur">Thanjavur</a> (functioning under the <a href="Ministry%20of%20Food%20Processing%20Industries">Ministry of Food Processing Industries</a>, <a href="Govt.%20of%20India">Govt. of India</a>).
Anandharamakrishnan completed his B.Tech. in <a href="Chemical%20Engineering">Chemical Engineering</a> and M.Tech. from A.C. College of Technology, <a href="Anna%20University">Anna University</a>, India. He then achieved a doctoral degree in <a href="Chemical%20Engineering">Chemical Engineering</a> from <a href="Loughborough%20University">Loughborough University</a>, <a href="United%20Kingdom">United Kingdom</a>, under the Commonwealth Scholarship programme for which he worked on 'Experimental and <a href="Computational%20Fluid%20Dynamics">Computational Fluid Dynamics</a> Studies on Sprayfreeze-drying and Spray-drying of Proteins'.

His research outputs are well documented in international journals , two International patents and seven Indian patents. He is also the author of four books and 17 book chapters. 





</doc>
<doc id="54795435" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54795435" title="Listed buildings in Royton">
Listed buildings in Royton

<a href="Royton">Royton</a> is a town in the <a href="Metropolitan%20Borough%20of%20Oldham">Metropolitan Borough of Oldham</a>, <a href="Greater%20Manchester">Greater Manchester</a>, England and it is <a href="civil%20parish">unparished</a>. It contains five <a href="Listed%20building%23England%20and%20Wales">listed buildings</a> that are recorded in the <a href="National%20Heritage%20List%20for%20England">National Heritage List for England</a>. Of these, one is listed at Grade II*, the middle grade, and the others are at Grade II, the lowest grade. The area was rural until the coming of the <a href="Industrial%20Revolution">Industrial Revolution</a> when the town grew due to the cotton industry. Th listed buildings consist of a house, a farm building, two churches and a cotton mill.



</doc>
<doc id="54795536" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54795536" title="Zainul Abideen">
Zainul Abideen

Zainul Abideen was a Pakistani politician who served as a member of the <a href="Khyber%20Pakhtunkhwa%20Assembly">Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Assembly</a> and was affiliated with PPP.


</doc>
<doc id="54795621" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54795621" title="Generalized foreground-background">
Generalized foreground-background

Generalized Foreground-Background (FB), also known as Least Attained Service (LAS) is a <a href="M/G/1%20queue">scheduling policy</a>. It consists in scheduling the process that has received the least service so far. Similarly to <a href="SRPT">SRPT</a>, the aim of FB is to improve the performance of a system, specifically mean response time. While SRPT is optimal it is more difficult to apply in practice as it requires accurate estimations of the service time of each request. In contrast, FB does not require estimations of service times, making it more practical but also less performing than SRPT.


</doc>
<doc id="54795698" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54795698" title="Saints Peter, Martha, Mary Magdalen and Leonard">
Saints Peter, Martha, Mary Magdalen and Leonard

Saints Peter, Martha, Mary Magdalen and Leonard or Four Saints is a 1514 oil on canvas altarpiece by <a href="Correggio">Correggio</a>, now in the <a href="Metropolitan%20Museum%20of%20Art">Metropolitan Museum of Art</a> in <a href="New%20York%20City">New York City</a>. He painted it for the church of Santa Maria della Misericordia and it shows <a href="Saint%20Peter">Saint Peter</a>, <a href="Saint%20Martha">Saint Martha</a>, <a href="Mary%20Magdalene">Mary Magdalene</a> and <a href="Leonard%20of%20Noblac">Leonard of Noblac</a>. 

History.
It has been linked to the 17 December 1517 will of the notary Melchiorre Fassi, which made the Church of San Quirino in <a href="Correggio%2C%20Emilia-Romagna">Correggio</a> his heir, on condition that it build a chapel with an altar dedicated to the four saints shown in the work. However, it is unclear if the work already existed, or if it was painted especially for the chapel. A codicil was added on 29 August 1528, changing the heir to the Church of San Domenico in the same town, with the same condition. On 1 April 1538, he added a third and final codicil switching the church of that of Santa Maria della Misericordia, where he also wished to be buried, and where he already possessed a chapel (dedicated to Saint Martha) which had an altarpiece at the time he first wrote his will. It is unclear if Correggio painted the work after the first will of 1517 or, as is more probable, before it.

Analysis.
The artist carefully studied how to vary poses, gestures and looks, with two of the figures looking downwards (Peter and Martha), one looking up (Leonard) and one towards the viewer (Mary Magdalene). The slight smile of Mary also draws on the style of <a href="Leonardo%20da%20Vinci">Leonardo da Vinci</a>, most notably in the "<a href="Mona%20Lisa">Mona Lisa</a>". Stylistically it can be placed in the years before 1517, preceding the maturer "<a href="Madonna%20and%20Child%20with%20St%20Francis">Madonna and Child with St Francis</a>". Parallels with Raphael's "<a href="The%20Ecstasy%20of%20St.%20Cecilia%20%28Raphael%29">The Ecstasy of St. Cecilia</a>", which arrived in Bologna in 1514-15, should also be considered with caution. The simple and compact composition instead has precedents in other local artists such as "<a href="Saints%20Roch%2C%20Anthony%20Abbot%20and%20Lucy">Saints Roch, Anthony Abbot and Lucy</a>" by <a href="Cima%20da%20Conegliano">Cima da Conegliano</a>, which was already in Parma and belongs to an artistic tradition more familiar to Correggio.




</doc>
<doc id="54795756" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54795756" title="Kaiko">
Kaiko

Kaiko may refer to:




</doc>
<doc id="54795847" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54795847" title="Suffolk F.C.">
Suffolk F.C.

Suffolk Football Club is a <a href="Northern%20Ireland">Northern Irish</a>, intermediate football club based in suffolk estate, West <a href="Belfast">Belfast</a>, playing in Division 1C of the <a href="Northern%20Amateur%20Football%20League">Northern Amateur Football League</a>. Club colours are black and red.

The home kit is black with red stripes and the away kit is is royal blue.

Promotion to intermediate status was attained in 2017, The club participates in the <a href="Irish%20Cup">Irish Cup</a>.



References.
 


</doc>
<doc id="54795853" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54795853" title="Kassim Parekh">
Kassim Parekh

Kassim Parekh (1931-2017), was the 11th <a href="Governor%20of%20the%20State%20Bank%20of%20Pakistan">Governor of the State Bank of Pakistan</a> from September, 1989 to August, 1990. He belong to the Bantva Memon family and died at the age of 86.


</doc>
<doc id="54795916" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54795916" title="Greg Scott (violinist)">
Greg Scott (violinist)

Greg Scott is a Manchester-based <a href="violinist">violinist</a> and a protege of <a href="Pete%20Waterman">Pete Waterman</a>. His first album “"DUEL"” ranked Number 1 in the "UK Classical Charts".

Education.
Scott graduated from <a href="Chetham%27s%20School%20of%20Music">Chetham's School of Music</a> and then from <a href="Royal%20Northern%20College%20of%20Music">Royal Northern College of Music</a>.

Career.
Scott started his music career performing as a violinist at the <a href="BBC%20Philharmonic%20Orchestra">BBC Philharmonic Orchestra</a>. However, Scott's music career came to limelight after meeting the music producer <a href="Pete%20Waterman">Pete Waterman</a>. As a result, Scott debuted with performances at the London's <a href="The%20Royal%20Albert%20Hall">The Royal Albert Hall</a>.

Scott was a member of the <a href="National%20Youth%20Orchestra%20of%20Great%20Britain">The National Youth Orchestra of Great Britain</a> and has performed as a soloist with <a href="Bryan%20Ferry">Bryan Ferry</a> and <a href="KD%20lang">KD lang</a>.

Women’s magazine Company ranked Scott among the 50 most eligible bachelors in Britain.

Greg Scott has been quoted by numerous sources as a violinist and musician performing in the field of classical music with respect to both his live performances as well as his album.



</doc>
<doc id="54795921" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54795921" title="Christy Goldsmith Romero">
Christy Goldsmith Romero

Christy Goldsmith Romero is an American lawyer and federal government official. She serves as the Special Inspector General of the <a href="Troubled%20Asset%20Relief%20Program">Troubled Asset Relief Program</a>. In this capacity, she has tried to investigate Wall Street CEOs responsible for the <a href="financial%20crisis%20of%202007%E2%80%932008">financial crisis of 2007–2008</a>.

Early life.
Christy Goldsmith Romero graduated from <a href="Old%20Dominion%20University">Old Dominion University</a>, where she earned a bachelor of science in business. She subsequently earned a JD from the <a href="J.%20Reuben%20Clark%20Law%20School">J. Reuben Clark Law School</a> at <a href="Brigham%20Young%20University">Brigham Young University</a>.

Career.
Goldsmith Romero began her career as a clerk to <a href="Robert%20Clive%20Jones">Robert Clive Jones</a>. She subsequently worked for the law firms <a href="Akin%20Gump%20Strauss%20Hauer%20%26amp%3B%20Feld">Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld</a>, <a href="Snell%20%26amp%3B%20Wilmer">Snell & Wilmer</a> and <a href="Jenner%20%26amp%3B%20Block">Jenner & Block</a>. She worked for the <a href="U.S.%20Securities%20and%20Exchange%20Commission">U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission</a> from 2003 to 2009.

Goldsmith Romero worked for the Troubled Asset Relief Program from 2009 to 2012, under <a href="Neil%20Barofsky">Neil Barofsky</a>. She has served as the Special Inspector General of the Troubled Asset Relief Program since April 9, 2012. In October 2016, she called on Congress to pass legislations which would enable her to see through the corporate culture of Wall Street and investigate the CEOs responsible for the <a href="financial%20crisis%20of%202007%E2%80%932008">financial crisis of 2007–2008</a>. In particular, she suggested CEOs should report every year that their corporations have committed no fraud or abuse. In May 2017, Goldsmith Romero expressed concern over President Trump's budget cuts, which she feared would make it harder for her to investigate those Wall Street executives. By August 2017, she told the "Financial Times", "Our nation cannot afford to take our eye off the ball when it comes to crime or other illegal practices inside banks that require law enforcement response."


</doc>
<doc id="54795927" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54795927" title="Os Videos Mais Increveis Do Mundo">
Os Videos Mais Increveis Do Mundo

Os Videos Mais Increveis Do Mundo listed at.
An editor has asked for a discussion to address the redirect <a href="Os%20Videos%20Mais%20Increveis%20Do%20Mundo">Os Videos Mais Increveis Do Mundo</a>. Please participate in if you have not already done so. 

</doc>
<doc id="54795930" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54795930" title="Sreten Dragojlović">
Sreten Dragojlović

Sreten Dragojlović (; May 6, 1938 – September 2, 1971) was a Serbian basketball player and coach.

Playing career.
Dragojlović started his basketball career with his hometown team <a href="KK%20Sloga">Sloga</a>. After that, he came to <a href="Belgrade">Belgrade</a> and spent most of his career in the <a href="KK%20Crvena%20zvezda">Crvena zvezda</a> of the <a href="First%20Federal%20Basketball%20League">Yugoslav Basketball League</a> for which he played from 1957 to 1967. He was also brought there by the former Zvezda player <a href="Sr%C4%91an%20Kalember">Srđan Kalember</a>. In the <a href="1963%20Yugoslav%20First%20Basketball%20League">1963 season</a>, Dragojlović scored an excellent average of 28.2 points per game. He was the best club pointer that season while <a href="Vladimir%20Cvetkovi%C4%87">Vladimir Cvetković</a> scored 25.5 points, and Ratomir Vićentić 18.9. Still, he did not manage to win a trophy with Zvezda. During 10 years with the Crvena zvezda, he played 155 matches and scored 2,437 points. The last match he played on July 23, 1967, against <a href="KK%20Borac%20%C4%8Ca%C4%8Dak">Borac</a>.

Yugoslavia national team.
As a player for the <a href="Yugoslavia%20national%20basketball%20team">Yugoslavia national basketball team</a> Dragojlović participated at the <a href="Basketball%20at%20the%201960%20Summer%20Olympics">1960 Summer Olympics</a> in <a href="Rome">Rome</a> and at the <a href="EuroBasket%201961">EuroBasket 1961</a> in <a href="Belgrade">Belgrade</a> where he won a silver medal. Also, he won a gold medal at <a href="Basketball%20at%20the%201959%20Mediterranean%20Games">1959 Mediterranean Games</a> in <a href="Lebanon">Lebanon</a>. He played 49 games for the national team from 1959 to 1961.

Post-playing career.
Dragojlović coached the <a href="%C5%BDKK%20Crvena%20zvezda">Crvena zvezda women's team</a> of the <a href="Yugoslav%20Women%27s%20Basketball%20League">Yugoslav Women's Basketball League</a>. He also worked at the <a href="Basketball%20Federation%20of%20Yugoslavia">Basketball Federation of Yugoslavia</a>.

Personal life.
Dragojlović lost his life in a traffic accident near <a href="Gornji%20Milanovac">Gornji Milanovac</a> on November 2, 1971, when he was rushed to visit a sick father.



</doc>
<doc id="54795937" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54795937" title="2017 Ladies Open Hechingen – Singles">
2017 Ladies Open Hechingen – Singles

<a href="Dalila%20Jakupovi%C4%87">Dalila Jakupović</a> was the defending champion, but lost in the second round to <a href="Deborah%20Chiesa">Deborah Chiesa</a>.

<a href="Tamara%20Korpatsch">Tamara Korpatsch</a> won the title, defeating Chiesa in the final 2–6, 7–6, 6–2.



</doc>
<doc id="54795944" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54795944" title="2017 Ladies Open Hechingen – Doubles">
2017 Ladies Open Hechingen – Doubles

<a href="Nicola%20Geuer">Nicola Geuer</a> and <a href="Anna%20Zaja">Anna Zaja</a> were the defending champions, but Zaja chose not to participate. Geuer partnered <a href="Eva%20Wacanno">Eva Wacanno</a>, but they lost in the first round to Amina Anshba and Alina Silich.

<a href="Camilla%20Rosatello">Camilla Rosatello</a> and <a href="Sofia%20Shapatava">Sofia Shapatava</a> won the title, defeating <a href="Romy%20K%C3%B6lzer">Romy Kölzer</a> and <a href="Lena%20R%C3%BCffer">Lena Rüffer</a> in the final, 6–2, 6–4.



</doc>
<doc id="54795948" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54795948" title="Bacillus cereus biovar anthracis">
Bacillus cereus biovar anthracis

Bacillus cereus" biovar "anthracis is a variant of the "<a href="Bacillus%20cereus">Bacillus cereus</a>" bacterium that has acquired <a href="plasmid">plasmid</a>s similar to those of "<a href="Bacillus%20anthracis">Bacillus anthracis</a>". As a result, it is capable of causing <a href="anthrax">anthrax</a>. In 2016, it was added to the <a href="Centers%20for%20Disease%20Control%20and%20Prevention">CDC</a>'s list of <a href="select%20agent">select agent</a>s and <a href="toxin">toxin</a>s.

"Bacillus cereus" biovar "anthracis" infection has caused significant mortality in numerous mammalian species, including <a href="chimpanzee">chimpanzee</a>s.



</doc>
<doc id="54795970" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54795970" title="Harriet Cains">
Harriet Cains

Life.
Harriet Cains was trained as an actress at a drama club called "Circle Up" for three years. One of her teachers had taught at "<a href="Central%20Junior%20Television%20Workshop">The Television Workshop</a>" in Nottingham and told Cains about this. Cains later went to the television workshop, where she heard about an audition for a role in the British TV series "<a href="In%20the%20Flesh%20%28TV%20series%29">In the Flesh</a>". She auditioned for the part in Manchester and was cast as Jem Walker. 

Jem is the sister of Kieren, who has become a zombie and killed her best friend in front of Jem's eyes. After her brother's condition has been treated, and he is almost back to normal, Jem is suffering from a <a href="posttraumatic%20stress%20disorder">posttraumatic stress disorder</a> has to come to terms with what has happened. To prepare for the role Cains watched documentaries about the posttraumatic stress disorder and anxiety and talked with people who had experienced these illnesses. She wanted to portray them in a realistic way.

In 2015 Cains could be seen as the teenager Louise in "<a href="Safe%20House%20%28TV%20series%29">Safe House</a>".

In 2016 Cains was cast as the barmaid Lizzie Hallum for the crime series "<a href="Vera%20%28TV%20series%29">Vera</a>".

In 2017 Cains played Jade Hopkirk in "<a href="Line%20of%20Duty">Line of Duty</a>". At the beginning of July 2017, it was announced that Cains would become a series regular in the second season of the Netflix series "<a href="Marcella%20%28TV%20series%29">Marcella</a>".


</doc>
<doc id="54795977" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54795977" title="Wondong Station (Tentative name)">
Wondong Station (Tentative name)

Wondong Station (Hangul: 원동역; Hanja: 院洞驛) is a railway station of the Donghae Line between Allak-dong, Dongnae District and Banyeo-dong, Haeundae District, Busan, South Korea. The station is unrelated to the Wondong Station of Gyeongbu Railway. The ground-breaking ceremony will be held on August 8th, Tuesday 10:00 A.M., and projected to be finished in December 2019. 



</doc>
<doc id="54795993" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54795993" title="1947 Championship of New South Wales">
1947 Championship of New South Wales

The 1947 Championship of New South Wales was a motor race held at <a href="Nowra">Nowra</a> in <a href="New%20South%20Wales">New South Wales</a>, <a href="Australia">Australia</a> on 16 June 1947.
It was staged over 25 laps of a circuit, 4 mile and 670 yards in length, laid out on the runways and connecting taxiways of the <a href="HMAS%20Albatross%20%28air%20station%29">RAAF aerodrome</a>.
The total race distance was approximately 110 miles.
The race, which was organised by the Australian Sporting Car Club, was contested on a handicap basis with the three "limit men" starting off a handicap of 24 minutes.

The contest was originally to have been titled the New South Wales Grand Prix however advice was received from the <a href="Australian%20Automobile%20Association">AAA</a> one week before the event informing the organisers that they would not be permitted to use that name.

The race was won by Tom Lancey driving an <a href="MG%20TC">MG TC</a>.




</doc>
<doc id="54795997" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54795997" title="Dorian (rapper)">
Dorian (rapper)

Alton Dorian Clark (born August 2, 1984), known <a href="mononymously">mononymously</a> as Dorian, is an <a href="United%20States">American</a> <a href="Hip%20hop%20music">hip-hop</a> <a href="Recording%20Artist">recording artist</a>, <a href="Record%20producer">producer</a>, <a href="songwriter">songwriter</a> and <a href="Coach%20%28basketball%29">basketball coach</a> from <a href="Indianapolis">Indianapolis, Indiana</a>. <a href="AllMusic">AllMusic</a> editor Paul Simpson says, "his production style and storytelling skills have more in common with 80s and 90s hip-hop (with <a href="Warren%20G">Warren G</a> and <a href="Dr.%20Dre">Dr. Dre</a> as a primary influence)…but his sound encompasses more contemporary influences such as <a href="Trap%20music">trap</a> and <a href="Kanye%20West">Kanye West</a>”.

Early life.
Alton Dorian Clark was born on August 2, 1984 on <a href="Dyess%20Air%20Force%20Base">Dyess Air Force</a> base in <a href="Abilene%2C%20Texas">Abilene, Texas</a>. His mother named him after actor <a href="Dorian%20Harewood">Dorian Harewood</a> who was from his parent’s native town of <a href="Dayton%2C%20Ohio">Dayton, Ohio</a>.  His father was an <a href="airman">airman</a> in the <a href="United%20States%20Air%20Force">United States Air Force</a> which caused Dorian to move 7 times before he was 10 years old.  Dorian’s parents grew up during the 1970s <a href="Funk">funk era</a> and frequently played artists such as <a href="Ohio%20Players">The Ohio Players</a>, <a href="Lakeside%20%28band%29">Lakeside</a> and <a href="Bootsy%20Collins">Bootsy Collins</a> which would later influence Dorian musically.  Dorian learned how to read music when he was 9 while playing the <a href="trumpet">trumpet</a> in the elementary school band.  In 6th grade, Dorian’s family moved to Indianapolis, Indiana where he played the <a href="Drum%20kit">drums</a> in middle school and sang in his <a href="Baptist%20church">Baptist church</a> choir from 8th grade until high school graduation.

Career.
Basketball career.
After graduating from <a href="Indiana%20University%20Bloomington">Indiana University-Bloomington</a>, Dorian made 800 <a href="Cold%20calling">cold</a> phone calls and sent 1300 cold emails in hopes of landing a basketball coaching job.  Dorian would get hired at <a href="Lees%E2%80%93McRae%20College">Lees-McRae College</a> in <a href="Banner%20Elk%2C%20North%20Carolina">Banner Elk, North Carolina</a>.  In 2009, Dorian enrolled in <a href="graduate%20school">graduate school</a> at the <a href="University%20of%20Central%20Florida">University of Central Florida</a> and coached high school basketball at <a href="Montverde%20Academy">Montverde Academy</a> under <a href="Kevin%20Sutton%20%28Basketball%20coach%29">Kevin Sutton</a>.  In the offseason, he trained <a href="University%20of%20Florida">University of Florida</a> basketball player <a href="Patric%20Young">Patric Young</a>.  Dorian would also coach at <a href="Virginia%20Commonwealth%20University">Virginia Commonwealth University</a> under <a href="Shaka%20Smart">Shaka Smart</a> and <a href="Jacksonville%20University">Jacksonville University</a> under <a href="Cliff%20Warren">Cliff Warren</a>. In 2012, Dorian wrote for <a href="ESPN">ESPN</a>'s <a href="TrueHoop">TrueHoop</a> Network covering the <a href="Orlando%20Magic">Orlando Magic</a>.

Musical career.
On <a href="Valentine%27s%20Day">Valentine’s Day</a> 2014, Dorian bought <a href="Apple%20Inc.">Apple</a>'s <a href="Digital%20audio%20workstation">music production software</a> <a href="Logic%20Pro">Logic Pro X</a>.  He taught himself how to make beats from <a href="YouTube">YouTube</a> <a href="tutorial">tutorial</a>s. In 2015, Dorian signed a <a href="digital%20distribution">digital distribution</a> deal.  On Valentine’s Day 2015, Dorian released his first project, "The D.U.C.K. Tape".   Dorian then moved back to Indianapolis and began to work on his second project with music producer <a href="Joey%20French">Joey French</a>.  Dorian and Joey French met while attending Indiana University.  In May 2015, Dorian released “Sunshine” as the lead <a href="Single%20%28music%29">single</a> to his second <a href="album">album</a>.  On October 28, 2015, Dorian released his second full-length <a href="LP%20record">LP</a> "Every Scar Has A Story" to critical acclaim.  "Every Scar Has A Story" was co-<a href="Executive%20producer">executive produced</a> by Joey French and featured <a href="comedian">comedian</a> <a href="Rob%20Sherrell">Rob Sherrell</a>.

Upon moving to <a href="Los%20Angeles">Los Angeles, California</a> for his music career, Dorian released the single “Don’t Sleep” on YouTube.  After the audio version received 60,000 views, Dorian released "Don’t Sleep" to music streaming services <a href="Spotify">Spotify</a>, <a href="Apple%20Music">Apple Music</a> and <a href="Tidal%20%28service%29">Tidal</a> in August 2016. Dorian collaborated with <a href="Def%20Jam%20Recordings">Def Jam</a> signee and Indianapolis rapper <a href="Mark%20Battles">Mark Battles</a> for the "Don't Sleep" <a href="remix">remix</a>.  On October 28, 2016, Dorian opened up for <a href="Prodigy%20%28rapper%29">Prodigy</a> on The Commissary Kitchen Tour, which would be his last show in Los Angeles before his death.  The music video for "Don't Sleep" premiered on <a href="iHeartRadio">iHeartRadio</a>'s <a href="WZRL">WZRL Real 98.3</a> Indianapolis. In 2017, <a href="So%20You%20Think%20You%20Can%20Dance">So You Think You Can Dance</a> Champion <a href="Kida%20Burns">Kida The Great</a> <a href="Choreography">choreographed</a> a routine to “Don’t Sleep” that went <a href="Viral%20video">viral</a>.  Later that year, comedienne <a href="Jessica%20Vanessa">Jessica Vanessa</a> used “Don’t Sleep” to <a href="Film%20score">score</a> posts on <a href="Instagram">Instagram</a>. In April 2017, Dorian received <a href="FM%20radio">FM radio</a> play with his single "Even Love Me" debuting on <a href="WRIU">WRIU 90.3</a> FM.

Influences.
Dorian lists Kanye West’s <a href="The%20College%20Dropout">"The College Dropout",</a> <a href="Jay-Z">JAY-Z</a>’s "<a href="The%20Blueprint">The Blueprint</a>", <a href="Eminem">Eminem</a>’s "<a href="The%20Eminem%20Show">The Eminem Show</a>", <a href="Nas">Nas’</a> "<a href="Stillmatic">Stillmatic</a>" and <a href="Yo%20Gotti">Yo Gotti</a>’s "<a href="Back%202%20da%20Basics">Back 2 Da Basics</a>" as his favorite rap albums of all time.




</doc>
<doc id="54795998" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54795998" title="Ahmad Khan Tariq">
Ahmad Khan Tariq

Saeen Ahmad Khan Tariq (1952-2017), was a prominent <a href="Saraiki%20dialect">Saraiki</a>-language poet. He died at the age of 92.

Books.
He was known for the following books:


</doc>
<doc id="54796009" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54796009" title="Yasin Osman">
Yasin Osman

Yasin Osman (Born 21 August 1992) is an award-winning <a href="Toronto">Toronto</a> based photographer and <a href="Early%20childhood%20education">Early Childhood Educator</a> who was born to Somali parents. Yasin uses photography to showcase stories of perseverance, resilience and the power of community. Raised in <a href="Regent%20Park">Regent Park</a> as the city began to tear Regent Park down and apart he started to document everyday life in his changing neighbourhood. Yasin currently focuses on humanitarian work, traveling to countries around the world to document stories of marginalization, culture and religion. 

Early Life.
Yasin grew up as an only child in Regent Park and was raised by his Mother. He has no brothers or sisters. He often saw firsthand the impact that a lack of opportunities can have on a neighbourhood—from poverty to unemployment. But despite the challenges faced by many Regent Park residents, that did not stop him from breaking out. Yasin has won numerous awards for his work including a Basquiat Neon Crown from the <a href="Art%20Gallery%20of%20Ontario">Art Gallery of Ontario</a> and an Adelaide Gyamfi Award from The Remix Project. 

Yasin in an Interview with American Photo Mag says “The way I got into photography had to do with Regent Park, the neighborhood that I’m from,” The area once had a reputation for poverty, gangs and drugs, but has been rapidly gentrifying in recent years. And from his apartment window, he had a front row seat. “I would use my mom’s cell phone to take pictures of these changes,” he says. Despite the major changes, Osman says there’s no better place to grow up. Families are very close, and everybody knows everyone. 

#ShootForPeace.
Growing up Yasin grew tired of hearing the same gun-related stories over and over again. He wanted to find a way to change the conversation from one of fear and hate into one of art and creativity.
Yasin began a project called #ShootForPeace — an idea born out of a weekly excursion he took with kids from the neighborhood, several cameras, and the goal of teaching how to take great photos. Yasin used his love of photography to inspire local youth to find their passion. In an interview with <a href="MTV">MTV</a> he said “The children in this community have so much on their backs and I wanted to see them express themselves creatively and share some of that untapped emotion that is within them. Since photography was a love of mine I couldn’t think of a better medium of expression.” 

Collaboration.
On May 11th, 2017 Yasin collaborated with <a href="JR%20%28artist%29">Jr</a> and <a href="Jerome%20Jarre">Jerome Jarre</a> for the humanitarian campaign #LoveArmyForSomalia. Yasin took photos of Somali Children for the campaign and the eyes of the children were later pasted onto Water Trucks by <a href="JR%20%28artist%29">JR</a>. 

Influence.
Yasin's photography is heavily influenced by <a href="Steve%20McCurry">Steve McCurry</a> & <a href="Gordon%20Parks">Gordon Parks</a>. In an interview with <a href="Flipboard">Flipboard</a> he recommends Steve McCurry's website when asked about his favourite photography. 

Books.
Yasin is one of the 150 Canadians featured in the book "The World Needs More Canada" curated by <a href="Heather%20Reisman">Heather Reisman</a>- The book features anecdotes, insights, and candid photography from an eclectic mix of over 100 storytellers and visionaries who have made their mark on the True North, from Prime Minister <a href="Justin%20Trudeau">Justin Trudeau</a> to <a href="Drake%20%28musician%29">Drake</a>, <a href="Margaret%20Atwood">Margaret Atwood</a> to <a href="Malcolm%20Gladwell">Malcolm Gladwell</a>. 


</doc>
<doc id="54796026" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54796026" title="Madonna and Child with St Francis">
Madonna and Child with St Francis

Madonna and Child with St Francis or Madonna of St Francis is a 1514-1515 painting by <a href="Correggio">Correggio</a>, now held in the <a href="Gem%C3%A4ldegalerie%20Alte%20Meister">Gemäldegalerie Alte Meister</a> in <a href="Dresden">Dresden</a>, Germany. It shows <a href="Francis%20of%20Assisi">Francis of Assisi</a>, with the stigmata, prostrating himself before an enthroned Madonna and Child - the work's theme is the intercession of the Madonna, which was promoted by the <a href="Franciscans">Franciscans</a> after the definition of the dogma of the <a href="Immaculate%20Conception">Immaculate Conception</a> in 1473. Francis is supported by <a href="Anthony%20of%20Padua">Anthony of Padua</a>, whilst on the right are <a href="Catherine%20of%20Alexandria">Catherine of Alexandria</a> and <a href="John%20the%20Baptist">John the Baptist</a> and on the base of the Madonna's throne is a small <a href="grisaille">grisaille</a> image of <a href="Moses">Moses</a> with the tablets of the law. Catherine's wheel bears the painter's signature "Antonivs de Alegri F.[ecit]".

History.
The contract for the work (Correggio's first major commission) was signed by the artist on 30 August 1514, with the consent of his still-unmarried father, and of brother Girolamo Cattania, the guardian of the Franciscan convent in the town of <a href="Correggio%2C%20Emilia-Romagna">Correggio, Emilia-Romagna</a>, whose church was dedicated to St Francis. The work was probably meant as the high altarpiece for the convent church - that altar was site of the Da Correggio family vault. He was paid for it on 4 April 1515, showing how fast he produced it - these two records provide the first documentary evidence of his career. 

Just before 1638 the painting was confiscated by <a href="Francesco%20I%20d%27Este">Francesco I d'Este</a> and taken to the <a href="Ducal%20Palace%20of%20Modena">Palazzo Ducale</a> in <a href="Modena">Modena</a>, where it hung alongside five other Correggios seized from the duchy's territory. In 1746 the impoverished <a href="Francesco%20III%20d%27Este">Francesco III d'Este</a> tried to raise some money by selling the hundred most famous works in the <a href="Galleria%20Estense">Galleria Estense</a>, including the six Correggios, to <a href="Augustus%20III%20of%20Saxony">Augustus III of Saxony</a>.



</doc>
<doc id="54796069" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54796069" title="NGC 5949">
NGC 5949

NGC 5949 is a dwarf galaxy located about 44 million light years away in the constellation of <a href="Draco%20%28constellation%29">Draco</a>.


</doc>
<doc id="54796074" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54796074" title="Hugh Meiklejohn">
Hugh Meiklejohn

Very Rev Prof Hugh Meiklejohn <a href="Doctor%20of%20Divinity">DD</a> (1765-1831) was a Scottish minister who served as <a href="Moderator%20of%20the%20General%20Assembly%20of%20the%20Church%20of%20Scotland">Moderator of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland</a> in 1810.

Life.
He was born in 1765 the only son of Rev Hugh Meiklejohn who had been a minister in the Carolinas in America. He studied Divinity at <a href="Glasgow%20University">Glasgow University</a>. He was licensed to preach by the <a href="Church%20of%20Scotland">Church of Scotland</a> around 1786 and ordained as minister of <a href="Dunfermline">Dunfermline</a> in 1788. In 1791 he was translated to <a href="Abercorn">Abercorn</a> in <a href="West%20Lothian">West Lothian</a> and remained there until 1799 when he was created Professor of Ecclesiastical History at <a href="Edinburgh%20University">Edinburgh University</a>.

From around 1810 he lived with his family at Merchant Street opposite <a href="Greyfriars%20Kirkyard">Greyfriars Kirkyard</a> in <a href="Old%20Town%2C%20Edinburgh">Edinburgh’s Old Town</a>.
Curiously, in 1825, he writes to support John Somerville, inventor of a safety catch for firearms.

He died on 11 June 1831. He is buried with his family in Abercorn churchyard.

Family.
In 1792 he married Anne Liston, eldest daughter of <a href="Robert%20Liston%20%28minister%29">Very Rev Robert Liston</a>, Moderator in 1787/8. They had nine children including Cpt James Hope Johnston Meiklejohn (1795-1856) of the <a href="Gordon%20Highlanders">Gordon Highlanders</a>, Hugh Cree Meiklejohn (1797-1847), Rev Robert Meiklejohn (1800-1859) minister of <a href="Strathdon">Strathdon</a>, and Rev William Hope Meiklejohn (1811-1850) a missionary in <a href="Calcutta">Calcutta</a>.


References.
 


</doc>
<doc id="54796076" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54796076" title="Delias edela">
Delias edela

Delias edela is a <a href="butterfly">butterfly</a> in the <a href="Pieridae">Pieridae</a> family. It was described by <a href="Hans%20Fruhstorfer">Hans Fruhstorfer</a> in 1910. It is endemic to <a href="Obi%20Island">Obi Island</a>, Indonesia. It is a very rare species. It is sometimes considered a subspecies of "<a href="Delias%20poecilea">Delias poecilea</a>".

The <a href="wingspan">wingspan</a> is about 70-75 mm. 

 


</doc>
<doc id="54796090" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54796090" title="Winlaton Mill">
Winlaton Mill

Winlaton Mill is a village in <a href="Tyne%20and%20Wear">Tyne and Wear</a>, <a href="North%20East%20England">North East England</a>. It is not to be confused with <a href="Winlaton">Winlaton</a> to the northwest which now comprises the southern part of <a href="Blaydon">Blaydon</a>. The village is halfway between <a href="Gateshead">Gateshead</a> to the northeast and <a href="Rowlands%20Gill">Rowlands Gill</a> to the southwest. Statistically Winlaton Mill is part of the ward of Winlaton and <a href="High%20Spen">High Spen</a> which contains part of Blaydon, High Spen and other outlying villages. The village is on the A694 which joins the A1 at <a href="Swalwell">Swalwell</a> and contains the Red Kite Pub and Restaurant. Winlaton Mill is near the <a href="River%20Derwent%2C%20North%20East%20England">River Derwent</a> which may suggest its name.


</doc>
<doc id="54796098" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54796098" title="Caulerpa agardhii">
Caulerpa agardhii

Caulerpa agardhii is a species of seaweed in the "<a href="Caulerpaceae">Caulerpaceae</a>" family.

It is found along the coast in a small area in the <a href="Kimberley%20%28Western%20Australia%29">Kimberley</a> region of Western Australia.


</doc>
<doc id="54796108" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54796108" title="Sabaila">
Sabaila

Sabaila is a village located in <a href="Saharsa%20District">Saharsa District</a>, <a href="Bihar">Bihar</a>, <a href="India">India</a>. 


</doc>
<doc id="54796124" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54796124" title="Whalebone (disambiguation)">
Whalebone (disambiguation)

Whalebone or <a href="baleen">baleen</a> is a filter-feeder system inside the mouths of baleen whales.

Whalebone may also refer to:


</doc>
<doc id="54796134" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54796134" title="Mohammad Bazlul Huda">
Mohammad Bazlul Huda

Mohammad Bazlul Huda was a Bangladeshi Army officer who was convicted for the <a href="assassination%20of%20Sheikh%20Mujibur%20Rahman">assassination of Sheikh Mujibur Rahman</a>, president of Bangladesh.

Career.
In 1973, Captain Huda was posted to st Field Artillery Regiment in <a href="Comilla%20Cantonment">Comilla Cantonment</a> along with Major <a href="Shariful%20Haque%20Dalim">Shariful Haque Dalim</a>. Dalim had gotten into a scuffle with the sons of Awami League leader <a href="Gazi%20Golam%20Mostafa">Gazi Golam Mostafa</a>. Later some officers and soldiers attacked the residence of Mostofa. The officers, including Dalim, lost their comission in Bangladesh Army because of indiscipline shortly after.

Huda met with other conspirators to finalize the plans on 14 August 1975. On 15 August 1975, Huda was part of the mutinous troops that attacked the home of President <a href="Sheikh%20Mujibur%20Rahman">Sheikh Mujibur Rahman</a>. Huda along with Major <a href="S.H.M.B%20Noor%20Chowdhury">S.H.M.B Noor Chowdhury</a> had shot dead Sheikh Mujib as he was coming down the staring. Major <a href="%20Syed%20Faruque%20Rahman"> Syed Faruque Rahman</a> promoted Captain Huda to Major at the home of Sheikh Mujib after Mujib and his members were killed. The assassins were protected by the government of <a href="Khondaker%20Mostaq%20Ahmad">Khondaker Mostaq Ahmad</a> that took power next, through the passage of <a href="1975%20Indemnity%20Ordinance">1975 Indemnity Ordinance</a>. 

On August 1989 Huda had ordered <a href="Freedom%20Party%20%28Bangladesh%29">Freedom Party</a>, the party founded by the mutinous officers, activists to attack the <a href="Bangabandhu%20Bhaban">Bangabandhu Bhaban</a> when <a href="Sheikh%20Hasina">Sheikh Hasina</a> was staying there. On 11 February 1990 an Bangladesh Awami Lwague rally was attacked by activists of Freedom Party killing one member of Bangladesh Awami League. Huda was arrested while fleeing from the spot.

Trial.
On 2 October 1996 <a href="AFM%20Mohitul%20Islam">AFM Mohitul Islam</a> filed a case over the murder of Sheikh Mujib and most of his family members in 1975. Dhaka sessions court on 8 November 1998 had given death sentences to Huda and 14 co-defendants. The convicts filled an appeal with <a href="Bangladesh%20High%20Court">Bangladesh High Court</a>. The High court gave a split verdict with one Justice confirming the death penalty of all 15 while another justice confirmed it for 10 of the accused on 14 December 2000. A third justice only confirmed the sentence of 12 of the accused. On 19 November 2009, <a href="Bangladesh%20Supreme%20Court">Bangladesh Supreme Court</a> confirmed the death sentences of 12 of the accused. On 1996, Huda was arrested in Bangkok, Thailand on charges of shoplifting and ordered to be deported to Bangladesh. He declared himself stateless and applied for asylum <a href="U.N.%20High%20Commissioner%20for%20Refugees">U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees</a>.

Death.
On 28 January 2010, Huda was excuted at Dhaka Central Jail along with 4 other co-conspirators. 


</doc>
<doc id="54796136" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54796136" title="Space City Productions">
Space City Productions

Space City Productions is a <a href="Television">TV</a> <a href="advertising">advertising</a> production company based in <a href="Hammersmith">Hammersmith</a>, <a href="London">London</a>. It was formed in 1992 by former <a href="BBC">BBC</a> producer and <a href="ITN">ITN</a> journalist, Victor van Amerongen, and is presently the UK's most prolific production company, having produced over 2,000 adverts as of 2017.

Having been named the UK's number one producers of TV commercials in 2012, the company has continued to produce TV, online and radio commercials internationally.

Origins.
Victor van Amerongen

Victor van Amerongen is Chairman and Creative Director of Space City, the UK's largest producer of TV commercials.

Early Life

Victor Ian van Amerongen was born on 12 March 1955, the only child of Carel van Amerongen and Alida van Amerongen (née Knuyt), who had emigrated to the UK from Holland in 1948. His father worked as a technical translator, writing and adapting several best-selling books, including

The Way Things Work (<a href="Simon%20%26amp%3B%20Schuster">Simon & Schuster</a>, 1967). He read theoretical physics at <a href="Magdalen%20College%2C%20Oxford">Magdalen College</a>, <a href="Oxford">Oxford</a>. He was President of the <a href="Oxford%20Union">Oxford Union</a> in Trinity term 1975.

Radio & TV Career

He joined the <a href="BBC%20World%20Service">BBC World Service</a> as a Studio Manager in 1975. After a brief period as a studio director for <a href="BBC%20News">BBC News</a>, he became a producer for BBC Current Affairs, then based in Lime Grove Studios, working on The Money Programme and <a href="Newsnight">Newsnight</a>, among other programmes.

While working there he developed a sideline as a composer, writing the signature tunes for Watchdog and Nationwide  among others.

In 1986 he joined Independent Television News as a journalist on ITN World News, the UK's first satellite news service.

Advertising Production.
Space City

Space City Productions was founded in January 1992 with the aim of making low-budget TV commercials. The company became a specialist in direct-response advertising (DRTV), receiving praise by <a href="The%20Sunday%20Times">The Sunday Times</a>.

Since 2000 Space City has consistently topped the Televisual magazine poll for making more TV commercials than any other UK company.

The company has created and produced TV commercials for the AA, Concern Worldwide, Ecover, eSure, Experian, Gocompare.com, Groupon, Halifax, National Accident Helpline, Optical Express, Mencap, Moneysupermarket, <a href="Nestl%C3%A9">Nestle</a>, Primula, Prudential, <a href="Ryvita">Ryvita</a>, Sightsavers, Sudocrem, <a href="Superdrug">Superdrug</a>, Typhoo Tea, and Villa Plus.

Space City made the first-ever TV commercial for a price comparison <a href="website">website</a>, Confused.com in 2002. It also created the musical jingle and several different TV commercials for Moonpig.com, the greetings cards company which attributed much of its success to its TV advertising, and which was sold in 2011 by former <a href="Dragons%27%20Den%20%28UK%20TV%20series%29">Dragons Den</a> star, <a href="Nick%20Jenkins">Nick Jenkins</a> for £120m.

Personal Life.
Victor van Amerongen married the composer Amanda Alexander in 1979. Their only son, Alexander, died in 1993 from <a href="acute%20myeloid%20leukemia">acute myeloid leukemia</a> at the age of 7. They have three daughters, Amii (who is now Space City’s CEO), Lucy (who wrote a best-selling <a href="book">book</a>, "The A-Z of Teen Talk"    and Rosie. They live in London and <a href="Gloucestershire">Gloucestershire</a>.

TV and Radio Appearances

van Amerongen has frequently been interviewed on news programmes about matters relating to TV advertising. In 2004 he appeared in the <a href="Sky%201">Sky 1</a> series The 1970s Office. In 2012 he was a member of Micky Flanagan's team on <a href="Channel%204">Channel 4</a>'s <a href="The%20Mad%20Bad%20Ad%20Show">The Mad Bad Ad Show</a>.



</doc>
<doc id="54796138" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54796138" title="Peden's Cave (Auchinbay)">
Peden's Cave (Auchinbay)

Peden's Cave is at least partly artificial and is set into a craggy outcrop of red sandstone rocks overlooking the <a href="River%20Lugar">River Lugar</a> just below the farm of Auchinbay in <a href="East%20Ayrshire">East Ayrshire</a>, Scotland, close to the town of <a href="Ochiltree">Ochiltree</a>. Traditionally it is said that this cave was used as a hiding place for <a href="Covenanters">Covenanters</a>, including the famous <a href="Covenanter">Covenanter</a> minister <a href="Alexander%20Peden">Alexander Peden</a> in the 17th century, mainly during the so called 'Killing Times' of the 1680s.

Cave and access.
Peden's Cave is located near the top of a much eroded red sandstone cliff, the cave floor being around above the <a href="River%20Lugar">River Lugar</a> on the south-western side of this water course, just off the old road that ran from <a href="Stair%2C%20East%20Ayrshire">Stair</a> past Auchinbay Farm and over the old Slatehole Ford, later replaced by the now ruined Slatehole Bridge and its associated lodge, running into the <a href="Auchinleck%20House">Auchinleck Estate</a>. The cave is well camouflaged from directly above. The well known 'Wallace's Cave' is located at the junction of the <a href="River%20Lugar">River Lugar</a> and the Dippol Burn, a short distance upstream. 

The cave is not very large ( high, wide, and about long) and the chisel marks add emphasis to its artificial origin or creation from a smaller natural cavity. A bench or shelf has been cut inside and six steps have been cut into the rock face leading down to it, however access is still hazardous.

The opening is obvious from the opposite side of the <a href="Lugar%20Water">Lugar Water</a> however this is difficult to access and it is likely that, as at <a href="Dunton%20Cove">Dunton Cove</a>, a bush such as gorse or willow would be cut and then pulled up and tied with ropes over the entrance as camouflage. Next to the cave is a sizeable rectangular area which it has been noted has features indicating that it may have been artificially shaped or quarried and even roofed over for use in stabling of horses, storage of food, etc.

History.
As a <a href="Covenanter">Covenanter</a> minister preaching at various outdoor <a href="Conventicles">conventicles</a>, <a href="Alexander%20Peden">Alexander Peden</a> is said to have used a number of other caves as places of concealment during his years on the run from the King's soldiers, including <a href="Mauchline">Barskimming</a>, one on Craigie Hill near the village, another at the Nick of the Balloch, a further example near the Water of Girvan and his final cave hiding place may have been the Cleuch Glen in <a href="Sorn">Sorn Parish</a> which he reportedly asked to be made when he sensed that his illness was terminal, supposedly hiding beneath some straw when it was searched by soldiers.

The facts remain unclear, however one telling of the history is that a brother of the Covenanter minister lived at Tenshilling Farm, the surviving Ten Shilling Bridge lies close to the estate's so called Deer Cave. Alexander's brother is said to have brought food to the cave to feed him and the various other <a href="Covenanters">Covenanters</a> who hid with Peden from time to time.

It may have been this cave where he took ill before moving closer to his brother's farm where he died on 26th January 1686. He was secretly buried at <a href="Auchinleck">Auchinleck</a> in the churchyard however he was later exhumed by the King's soldiers and later buried at the foot of the gallows tree in <a href="Cumnock">Cumnock</a> where a graveyard is now located with memorials to <a href="Alexander%20Peden">Alexander Peden</a> and several over Covenanters. The soldiers had intended to hang the minister's corpse from the tree however William, second <a href="Earl%20of%20Dumfries">Earl of Dumfries</a> prevented this.

Several other caves in Ayrshire and beyond are said to have been used as places of concealment by <a href="Covenanters">Covenanters</a> in general, such as the <a href="Cleeves%20Cove">Cleeves Cove</a> on the Dusk Water near <a href="Dalry%2C%20North%20Ayrshire">Dalry</a> and <a href="Dunton%20Cove">Dunton Cove</a> on the <a href="River%20Irvine">Craufurdland Water</a> near <a href="Waterside%2C%20East%20Ayrshire">Waterside</a> in <a href="East%20Ayrshire">East Ayrshire</a>. 

The cave's location is close to one of the few local fording places over the <a href="River%20Lugar">River Lugar</a> that existed before any bridges were constructed, making it a surprising location for a hiding place and in addition <a href="Dumfries%20House">Dumfries House</a>, <a href="Auchinleck%20House">Auchinleck House</a> and <a href="Ochiltree%20Castle%2C%20East%20Ayrshire">Ochiltree House</a> were all in the immediate vicinity.

The cave may have seen various uses after the time of the <a href="Covenanters">Covenanters</a> such as shelter for travellers or a base for people assisting travellers who were crossing the river by the ford, especially when the water was high or when it was in spate, certainly local anglers have found it to be a convenient shelter.

Many other sites have Peden's name attached to them such as the Peden's Pulpit near <a href="Failford">Failford</a>, another at <a href="Dalry%2C%20North%20Ayrshire">Dalry</a> and a Peden's Stone as well as Peden's Hut, etc.

Micro-history.
The mound that is all that remains of Ochiltree Castle lies upstream opposite <a href="Auchinleck%20House">Auchinleck Castle</a> and the impressive red sandstone boulder known on the old maps as Kemp's Castle is located between Ochiltree Castle and Peden's Cave. A 'Kemp' in Scots is a hero or a champion of great strength and is a name applied to many hill forts, mottes, etc. throughout Scotland. 




</doc>
<doc id="54796141" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54796141" title="Peter Jackson (businessman)">
Peter Jackson (businessman)

J. Peter Jackson (born 1975/76) is a British businessman, the incoming CEO of <a href="Paddy%20Power%20Betfair">Paddy Power Betfair</a>.

Early life.
Jackson was born circa 1975 in <a href="Yorkshire">Yorkshire</a>, England. He has a bachelor's degree in manufacturing engineering from <a href="Pembroke%20College%2C%20Cambridge">Pembroke College</a>, <a href="Cambridge%20University">Cambridge University</a>.

Career.
Jackson has worked for Lloyds Bank, McKinsey & Company and HBOS, and was CEO of <a href="Travelex">Travelex</a> from 2010 to 2015.

In March 2017, Jackson joined <a href="Worldpay">Worldpay</a> from <a href="Banco%20Santander">Banco Santander</a>, where he was head of global innovation, as CEO of its UK operations.

In August 2017, it was announced that Jackson, CEO of <a href="Worldpay">Worldpay UK</a> would succeed <a href="Breon%20Corcoran">Breon Corcoran</a> as CEO of Paddy Power Betfair.


</doc>
<doc id="54796146" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54796146" title="Charles d'Artois">
Charles d'Artois

Charles d'Artois (; 1300 – September 1346) was a Neapolitan nobleman and court official.

Charles was born in 1300 as the <a href="illegitimate">illegitimate</a> son of <a href="Robert%20of%20Naples">Robert</a>, <a href="heir%20apparent">heir apparent</a> to the throne of Naples. His mother was Cantelma Cantelmo, <a href="lady%20of%20the%20bedchamber">lady of the bedchamber</a> to Robert's wife, <a href="Sancia%20of%20Majorca">Sancia of Majorca</a>. Robert became <a href="King%20of%20Naples">King of Naples</a> in 1309, and Charles was raised at his court as a <a href="royal%20bastard">royal bastard</a>. In 1317, he became <a href="Chamberlain%20%28office%29">chamberlain</a> to his father and was given rule over <a href="Pennaluce">Pennaluce</a>. The following year, Charles was made guardian of the Castle of Santa Maria del Monte. He was given further lands in 1322, namely the barony of <a href="Roccaromana">Roccaromana</a>. On his deathbed in 1343, King Robert named Charles and Queen Sancia as guardians of Robert's granddaughters (Charles's nieces) <a href="Joanna%20I%20of%20Naples">Joanna</a> and <a href="Maria%20of%20Calabria">Maria</a>.

On King Robert's death, the crown passed to his granddaughter and Charles's niece, Queen Joanna I. She named her uncle Chancellor of the Realm and her personal counselor on 20 May 1345. On that occasion, he also became Count of <a href="Sant%27Agata%20de%27%20Goti">Sant'Agata de' Goti</a>. Charles was one of the principal plotters against his niece's husband, <a href="Andrew%2C%20Duke%20of%20Calabria">King Andrew</a>. When Andrew was murdered in September 1345, Charles was <a href="sentenced%20to%20death">sentenced to death</a>. He fled the court along with his eldest son, Bertrand, and took refuge in his county. <a href="Catherine%20II%2C%20Latin%20Empress">Catherine II, Latin Empress</a>, and her son <a href="Louis%20of%20Taranto">Louis of Taranto</a> captured Charles, who died of stress or poison in <a href="Melfi">Melfi</a> on 31 August or in early September 1346. He was buried in the Church of Saint Francis in Sant'Agata de' Goti.

By his wife, Marianna Scotto, Charles had four sons: Bertrand (assassin of King Andrew), Louis (Charles's successor as Count of Sant'Agata de' Goti), Carlotto and Rostaino.


</doc>
<doc id="54796177" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54796177" title="Bob Mahoney (director)">
Bob Mahoney (director)

Bob Mahoney (born 27 July 1943) is an English film director and producer.



</doc>
<doc id="54796178" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54796178" title="Takanori Ito">
Takanori Ito

, is a Japanese professional wrestler currently working for <a href="Wrestle-1">Wrestle-1</a> on their sub-promotion Pro Wrestling A.C.E. He is a former <a href="Wrestle-1%20Result%20Championship">Wrestle-1 Result Champion</a> and a <a href="Wrestle-1%20Tag%20Team%20Championship">Wrestle-1 Tag Team Champion</a>, alongside <a href="Masayuki%20Kono">Masayuki Kono</a>. He won the Striker Full Contact Karate Heavyweight Championship.

Early life.
Before entering the Wrestle-1 dojo, Ito had a background on Karate where he has a black belt.

Professional wrestling career.
On September 18, 2016, Ito made his wrestling debut with his mate Dennis Shinohara in a losing effort to <a href="Mazada">Mazada</a> and <a href="Nosawa%20Rongai">Nosawa Rongai</a>. On November 12, after he scored his first win defeating another rookie Kohei Fujimura, it was announced that he would be joining his rookie mates at Pro Wrestling A.C.E. 

On April 19, <a href="Masayuki%20Kono">Masayuki Kono</a> challenged Koji Doi and Kumagoro into a title match for the <a href="Wrestle-1%20Tag%20Team%20Championship">Wrestle-1 Tag Team Championship</a>. Kono announced that he would find himself an appropriate teammate which end up to being Ito. On May 4, Ito and Kono defeated Koji Doi and Kumagoro to win the Wrestle-1 Tag Team Championship. They would make one successful title defense on June 6 against <a href="Manabu%20Soya">Manabu Soya</a> and Ganseki Tanaka before losing the titles back to Doi and Kumagoro on June 24. On July 2 Ito defeated Seigo Tachibana in the finals of a tournament to earn the right to enter in the Wrestle-1 Grand Prix. At the Wrestle-1 Grand Prix, Ito managed to get into the semifinals losing to his tag team partner Masayuki Kono. After the lost Ito won his first singles title in his career defeating Koji Doi on July 16 to win the <a href="Wrestle-1%20Result%20Championship">Wrestle-1 Result Championship</a>.





</doc>
<doc id="54796183" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54796183" title="Radivoj Živković">
Radivoj Živković

Radivoj Živković (; born October 11, 1950) is a retired Serbian basketball player.

Playing career.
Živković played for the <a href="KK%20Crvena%20zvezda">Crvena zvezda</a> of the <a href="First%20Federal%20Basketball%20League">Yugoslav First League</a> from 1972 to 1981.
He didn't play any gamy during <a href="1972%E2%80%9373%20Yugoslav%20First%20Basketball%20League">1972–73 season</a>.


</doc>
<doc id="54796188" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54796188" title="Ailbhe Smyth">
Ailbhe Smyth

Ailbhe Smyth is an Irish academic, feminist and lesbian activist. She was a founding director of the Women's Education, Resource and Research Centre (WERRC), <a href="University%20College%20Dublin">University College Dublin</a> (UCD).

Activist work.
Ailbhe Smyth began her involvement in activism in the 1970s whilst a student as part of the <a href="women%27s%20liberation%20movement">women's liberation movement</a>. She was the head of Women's Studies in UCD from 1990 to 2006, and now works independently.

Smyth is a spokeswoman and convenor for the Coalition to Repeal the Eighth Amendment. She is also a founding member of <a href="Marriage%20Equality%20%28Ireland%29">Marriage Equality</a>, convenor of <a href="Feminist%20Open%20Forum">Feminist Open Forum</a>, an organiser for <a href="Action%20for%20Choice">Action for Choice</a>, a board member of <a href="Equality%20and%20Rights%20Alliance">Equality and Rights Alliance</a> and is the former Chair of the <a href="National%20LGBT%20Federation">National LGBT Federation</a>. Smyth received the 'Lifetime Achievement' award at the <a href="Great%20American%20Lesbian%20Art%20Show">Great American Lesbian Art Show</a> 2015.


</doc>
<doc id="54796191" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54796191" title="Gorton Mission School">
Gorton Mission School

Gorton Mission School, <a href="Kotgarh">Kotgarh</a>, (<a href="Himachal%20Pradesh">Himachal Pradesh</a>, <a href="India">India</a>) is one of the oldest school in Asia. It was established in 1843 by Christian Missionaries in a small town of Kotgarh situated about 84 kms from <a href="Shimla">Shimla</a> above sea level on the old Hindustan-Tibet road. It was named after William Gorton, a distinguished civil administrator.
Gorton Mission School campus is situated at height of 1,982 meters and spread over an area surrounded by apple orchards, deodar and conifer trees. The School has a long history and continues to provide traditional values to its students.


</doc>
<doc id="54796196" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54796196" title="Saints Roch, Anthony Abbot and Lucy">
Saints Roch, Anthony Abbot and Lucy

Saints Roch, Anthony Abbot and Lucy or Three Saints is a 1513 oil on panel painting by <a href="Cima%20da%20Conegliano">Cima da Conegliano</a>, now in the <a href="Metropolitan%20Museum%20of%20Art">Metropolitan Museum of Art</a> in New York. It was painted in <a href="Parma">Parma</a>, where it may have provided one of the inspirations for <a href="Correggio">Correggio</a>'s "<a href="Saints%20Peter%2C%20Martha%2C%20Mary%20Magdalen%20and%20Leonard">Four Saints</a>". As its name suggests, it shows <a href="Anthony%20the%20Great">saint Anthony Abbot</a> flanked by <a href="saint%20Roch">saint Roch</a> and <a href="saint%20Lucy">saint Lucy</a>. Since St Anthony is in the centre and since St Roch is a patron saint of plague sufferers, it may have been commissioned for the <a href="Hospital%20Brothers%20of%20St.%20Anthony">Hospital Brothers of St. Anthony</a>, who ministered to plague victims. It was later misattributed to <a href="Giovanni%20Bellini">Giovanni Bellini</a> and as such was owned by <a href="Josephine%20Bonaparte">Josephine Bonaparte</a>.


</doc>
<doc id="54796202" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54796202" title="Philip Jansen">
Philip Jansen

Philip E. R. Jansen (born 1966/67) is a British businessman, the CEO of <a href="Worldpay">Worldpay</a> since April 2013.

Jansen has a bachelor's degree in economics from <a href="University%20College%20Cardiff">University College Cardiff</a>.

In 2010, Jansen joined <a href="Brakes%20Group">Brakes Group</a> as CEO, having been COO of <a href="Sodexo">Sodexo</a>.

Following the Worldpay IPO in 2015 by its then private equity owners, <a href="Bain%20Capital">Bain Capital</a> and <a href="Advent%20International">Advent International</a>, Jansen was due to receive £50 million.


</doc>
<doc id="54796255" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54796255" title="Minimum Information Required About a Glycomics Experiment">
Minimum Information Required About a Glycomics Experiment

Minimum Information Required About a Glycomics Experiment (MIRAGE) is part of the <a href="Minimum%20Information%20Standards">Minimum Information Standards</a> and specifically applies to guidelines for reporting (describing <a href="metadata">metadata</a>) on a <a href="glycomics">glycomics</a> experiment. The initiative is supported by the <a href="Beilstein%20Institute%20for%20the%20Advancement%20of%20Chemical%20Sciences">Beilstein Institute for the Advancement of Chemical Sciences</a>. The project was launched in 2011 in Seattle and set off with the publication of the first set of guidelines for reporting <a href="mass%20spectrometry%23Glycan_analysis">mass spectrometry-based glycan analysis</a>. 

The aim of the MIRAGE project is to improve the quality of glycomics data in the scientific literature. Researchers seeking to understand the biochemical structure–function relationships of carbohydrates require detailed descriptions of the assay conditions and the experimental results. Currently, these data are insufficiently reported in the literature.
Two other sets of guidelines have been published regarding sample preparation and <a href="Glycan%20array">glycan array</a> experiments 



</doc>
<doc id="54796316" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54796316" title="Vishnuvardhana (Varika king)">
Vishnuvardhana (Varika king)

Vishnuvardhana was a king of the Varika tribe in <a href="Malwa">Malwa</a>, and probably a feudatory of Gupta Emperor <a href="Samudragupta">Samudragupta</a>. He is known from an inscription on a sacrificial pillar, the Bijayagadh inscription. The inscription is dated 428 of an uncertain era, which, based on epigraphical evidence, is thought to be <a href="Vikram%20Samvat">Vikram Samvat</a>, corresponding to be 371-372 CE.

The Bijayagadh Stone Pillar Inscription of Vishnuvardhana, locally known as Bhīm kī Lāţ, was erected at <a href="Bayana">Bayana</a> in <a href="Bharatpur%20district">Bharatpur district</a> for having perfection been attained in samvat 428 on the fifteenth lunar day of the dark fortnight of (the month) Phâlguna. The Bijayagadh Stone Pillar Inscription of Vishnuvardhana reads as:


</doc>
<doc id="54796336" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54796336" title="Humann">
Humann

Humann is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:



</doc>
<doc id="54796341" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54796341" title="21st Century Texts">
21st Century Texts

21st Century Texts is an album by American jazz trumpeter <a href="Raphe%20Malik">Raphe Malik</a>, which was recorded live during the Workshop Freie Musik at The <a href="Akademie%20der%20K%C3%BCnste">Akademie der Künste</a> in <a href="Berlin">Berlin</a>, and released on the German <a href="FMP/Free%20Music%20Production">FMP</a> label. Malik reformed his quintet in 1989 with his old partner <a href="Glenn%20Spearman">Glenn Spearman</a> on tenor, Brian King Nelson on C-melody sax, Larry Roland on bass and Dennis Warren on drums. The ensemble toured Europe in 1991 for a series of four concerts.

Reception.
In his review for <a href="AllMusic">AllMusic</a>, Michael G. Nastos states "Malik's solid tone and fresh ideas have always indicated he's a musician to be watched and heard. This CD brings all his talent to the surface, with a band that can match those common goals. Highly recommended."

"<a href="The%20Penguin%20Guide%20to%20Jazz">The Penguin Guide to Jazz</a>" notes "Nelson's C-melody sax has a strikingly unfamiliar tonality but, with no piano or guitar as a reference point, it's able to find its own territory, often coming in under Malik in a series of call-and-response passages that are both alien and highly traditional."




</doc>
<doc id="54796450" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54796450" title="Daisy E. Nirdlinger">
Daisy E. Nirdlinger

Daisy Ella Nirdlinger (March 14, 1879 - May 28, 1950) was the first president of the Women's Advertising Club of <a href="St.%20Louis">St. Louis</a> and an author of children books.

Early life.
Daisy Nirdlinger was the daughter of Maximillian Nirdlinger, Sr. (1846-1902), a writer and inventor. Her mother was Julia Marie Myerson (1852-1908), of St. Louis. Nirdlinger was born on March 14, 1879 at <a href="Fort%20Wayne%2C%20Indiana">Fort Wayne, Indiana</a>, where her paternal grandfather, Frederick Noerdlinger Nirdlinger (1810-1873), was one of the first settlers and the city's most noted philanthropist. She had six siblings: Samuel Lambert (1871-1902), Maude Louise (1872-1971), Eli Frederick (1874-1875), Clarence Dawson (1876-1950, married Marion Hollway), Maximilian (1881-1966, married Elsie Florence Hoffner and Adelaide E. Ernst, an architect of some notoriety in Philadelphia), Albert Patrick Gabriel (1887-1952, married Nellie Turner).

Nirdlinger received a convent school education in <a href="Milwaukee">Milwaukee</a>, and took a post-graduate course in Literature at <a href="Drexel%20University">Drexel University</a>, Philadelphia.

Career.
Daisy Nirdlinger's business career began at the beginning of the 1900s as a solicitor for a well-known advertising company. After two years she accepted the position of advertising manager of the Mercantile Trust Company, and while with this company founded and edited the first trust company monthly magazine, "The Mercantile." At the end of a year she purchased an interest in and was made secretary and treasurer of the Fisher-Steinbruegge Advertising Company, which was incorporated around that time, with three officers and four employes. Ten years later the organization had twenty-five people employed, and was the only advertising agency in St. Louis that, under one roof, could produce copy, designing, engraving and printing for every class of advertising.

Nirdlinger's work consisted of calling upon the St. Louis manufacturers, wholesalers, and retailers, in the capacity of an advertising counselor. If they were national advertisers or had a product that can be profitably advertised to the consumer, she talked Agency service — the planning and placing of the copy in newspapers, magazines, farm papers, or other mediums, as the case may require. If they were users of catalogues, booklets, circulars, and special advertising literature, she could execute that part of the work perfectly. With the modern equipment of her company. Nirdlinger could handle a simple envelope and enclosure printed in one color, or an elaborate trade catalogue of three hundred pages. She had arranged and delivered complete catalogues, illustrating men's and women's fashions, shoes, stoves, machinery, fire-brick, toys, jewelry, automobiles and beautiful designed booklets on numerous subjects.

Nirdlinger was the author of a series of books for children as "D. Ella Nirdlinger": "Althea, or, the children of Rosemont plantation" (illustrated by <a href="Paul_Cadmus%23Early_life_and_education">Egbert Cadmus</a> (1868-1939), published by the <a href="RCL%20Benziger">Benziger Brothers</a> in 1908), "Dear Friends" and "The Alvoyds". The first book in the series was adopted by the Commissioners of the <a href="Louisiana%20Purchase%20Exposition">Louisiana Purchase Exposition</a> as the official souvenir for young people. Egbert Cadmus was the father of <a href="Paul%20Cadmus">Paul Cadmus</a>, American artist best known for his egg tempera paintings of gritty social interactions in urban settings, and Fidelma Cadmus, who married <a href="Lincoln%20Kirstein">Lincoln Kirstein</a>, a philanthropist, arts patron, and co-founder of the <a href="New%20York%20City%20Ballet">New York City Ballet</a>.

Nirdlinger was the first president of the Women's Advertising Club of St. Louis: active membership were open only to women who were and had been, as a means of livelihood, actually engaged for a period of at least three years, in one of the phases of advertising (creation, production, executive).

Nirdlinger was volunteering at the <a href="Guardian%20Angel%20Settlement%20Association">Guardian Angel Settlement Association</a>, Tenth and Menard Streets, where she conducted business women's literary class. The motto of the class was "Let me live by the side of the road and be a friend to man." Founded in 1859 by the <a href="Daughters%20of%20Charity%20of%20Saint%20Vincent%20de%20Paul">Daughters of Charity of Saint Vincent de Paul</a>, as an orphanage for young girls Guardian Angel Settlement Association is one of the longest-enduring charitable organizations in the St. Louis area. She was also volunteering at the Methodist Episcopal Home, 4310 Morgan Street, an honor home for girls, where she conducted weekly class in good reading. The Methodist Episcopal Home project was the beginning of a new system for the lending of a helping hand to the helpless when they needed it most.

Nirdlinger was one of the founders of the Papyrus Club, one of the earliest writers' clubs in St. Louis, and was also a member of the Vortex Club. The purpose of this organization was the mutual advancement and benefit of the business trade or profession of its members, by trading or doing business, one with the other, in order to develop a close comradeship. The Vortex Club became a <a href="Lions%20Clubs%20International">Lions Club</a> charter on July 25, 1917.

Personal life.
Daisy Nirdlinger died on May 28, 1950 and is buried at <a href="Lindenwood%20Cemetery">Lindenwood Cemetery</a>, Fort Wayne.


</doc>
<doc id="54796505" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54796505" title="The Voice UK (series 7)">
The Voice UK (series 7)

<a href="The%20Voice%20UK">The Voice UK</a> is a British television music competition to find new singing talent. The seventh series began airing in January 2018, with <a href="Emma%20Willis">Emma Willis</a> hosting the main show, and <a href="Cel%20Spellman">Cel Spellman</a> presenting online spin-off show "The V Room". <a href="Tom%20Jones%20%28singer%29">Sir Tom Jones</a> will return for his sixth series as a coach. <a href="Will.i.am">Will.i.am</a> will return for his seventh series as a coach. It is the second series to air on <a href="ITV%20%28TV%20network%29">ITV</a> since its move from the <a href="BBC">BBC</a> the previous series.

Coaches and presenters.
On 7 August 2017, <a href="Gavin%20Rossdale">Gavin Rossdale</a> left the show after just one series and he won't be back for this series. Danny Jones is being rumoured to replace Rossdale having impressed on "<a href="The%20Voice%20Kids%20%28UK%20series%201%29">The Voice UK Kids</a>" first series. Jennifer Hudson is moving shows to work on <a href="NBC">NBC</a>'s <a href="The%20Voice%20%28U.S.%20TV%20series%29">The Voice</a>. <a href="Cheryl%20%28entertainer%29">Cheryl</a> and <a href="All%20Saints%20%28group%29">All Saints</a> member <a href="Melanie%20Blatt">Melanie Blatt</a> are being rumoured to be replacing Hudson. <a href="Will.i.am">Will.i.am</a> will return for his seventh series as a coach. <a href="Tom%20Jones%20%28singer%29">Sir Tom Jones</a> will also stay. 

<a href="Emma%20Willis">Emma Willis</a> will present the main show alone for the second time after <a href="Marvin%20Humes">Marvin Humes</a> left the previous series.


</doc>
<doc id="54796506" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54796506" title="Bobruisk County">
Bobruisk County

Bobruisk County () was one of the <a href="counties%20of%20the%20Russian%20Empire">counties</a> of <a href="Minsk%20Governorate">Minsk Governorate</a> and the <a href="Governorate-General%20of%20Minsk">Governorate-General of Minsk</a> of the <a href="Russian%20Empire">Russian Empire</a> and then of <a href="Byelorussian%20Soviet%20Socialist%20Republic">Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic</a> with its center in <a href="Bobruisk">Bobruisk</a> from 1793 until its formal abolition in 1924 by Soviet authorities .


</doc>
<doc id="54796510" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54796510" title="Amir Ishemgulov">
Amir Ishemgulov

Amir Ishemgulov (; born May 22, 1960 in <a href="Bashkortostan">Bashkortostan</a>, <a href="RSFSR">RSFSR</a>, <a href="Soviet%20Union">Soviet Union</a>) is a <a href="Russia">Russia</a>n biologist and politician of <a href="Bashkir">Bashkir</a> ethnicity, <a href="Doktor%20nauk">Doctor of Biological Sciences</a>, professor.
He is the President of <a href="the%20World%20Qoroltai%20of%20the%20Bashkirs">the World Qoroltai of the Bashkirs</a>, and Director General of the . He also is a member of the <a href="State%20Assembly%20of%20the%20Republic%20of%20Bashkortostan">State Assembly of the Republic of Bashkortostan</a>.

He is a distant relative of the writer <a href="Zainab%20Biisheva">Zainab Biisheva</a>. She took part in his upbringing. He is ethnically Bashkir.
In 1984 he graduated with honors from the <a href="Bashkir%20State%20Agrarian%20University">Bashkortostan Institute of Agricultural Sciences</a>.

Since 1998, the Director of the , he has initiated the creation of the center.

In 2005, Ishemgulov defended his doctoral dissertation and earned the degree of <a href="Doktor%20nauk">Doktor nauk</a> and in 2006 he received the title of Professor. Currently he is a professor in his alma mater, now known as <a href="Bashkir%20State%20Agrarian%20University">Bashkir State Agrarian University</a>.

He was elected to the <a href="State%20Assembly%20of%20the%20Republic%20of%20Bashkortostan">State Assembly of the Republic of Bashkortostan</a> in 2013, Member of the Party "<a href="United%20Russia">United Russia</a>".

He is married, has a daughter.



</doc>
<doc id="54796517" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54796517" title="Hailey Tuck">
Hailey Tuck

Hailey Tuck is a jazz singer from <a href="Austin%2C%20Texas">Austin</a>, Texas.

Career.
Tuck moved to Paris at the age of eighteen after dropping out of a Baptist military boarding school. She spent her days in vintage clothing markets and nights singing in <a href="jazz">jazz</a> bars. In 2014, she released her debut EP, "Hailey Tuck", and performed over 60 shows around Europe and Asia, including <a href="Cheltenham%20Jazz%20Festival">Cheltenham Jazz Festival</a> in the UK and <a href="Ume%C3%A5%20Jazz%20Festival">Umea Jazz Festival</a> in Sweden. Her four sold out shows at the Duc Des Lombards in Paris were featured live on the national radio station <a href="TSF%20Jazz">TSF</a>. She also supported <a href="Jamie%20Cullum">Jamie Cullum</a> at <a href="La%20Cigale">La Cigale</a>. 

Tuck made her New York City debut at <a href="Joe%27s%20Pub">Joe's Pub</a> in January 2015. She released her second EP, "So in Love", in March 2015. She released her third EP, "Delancey Street", which featured the New York musicians <a href="Eric%20Harland">Eric Harland</a> (drums) and <a href="Joe%20Sanders">Joe Sanders</a> (bass).



</doc>
<doc id="54796519" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54796519" title="Igumen County">
Igumen County

Igumen County () was one of the <a href="counties%20of%20the%20Russian%20Empire">counties</a> of <a href="Minsk%20Governorate">Minsk Governorate</a> and the <a href="Governorate-General%20of%20Minsk">Governorate-General of Minsk</a> of the <a href="Russian%20Empire">Russian Empire</a> and then of <a href="Byelorussian%20Soviet%20Socialist%20Republic">Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic</a> with its center in <a href="Igumen">Igumen</a> from 1793 until its formal abolition in 1924 by Soviet authorities .


</doc>
<doc id="54796521" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54796521" title="Caulerpa articulata">
Caulerpa articulata

Caulerpa articulata is a species of seaweed in the "<a href="Caulerpaceae">Caulerpaceae</a>" family.

It is found along the coast in a small area near <a href="Cockburn%2C%20Western%20Australia">Cockburn</a> in the southern suburbs of <a href="Perth%2C%20Western%20Australia">Perth</a> in Western Australia.


</doc>
<doc id="54796551" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54796551" title="Asbjørn Mathisen">
Asbjørn Mathisen

Asbjørn Mathisen (born 17 October 1942) is a Norwegian politician and civil servant. 

He was elected deputy representative to the <a href="Storting">Storting</a> for the periods 1965–1969 and 1969–1973 for the <a href="Labour%20Party%20%28Norway%29">Labour Party</a>. He replaced <a href="Johan%20St%C3%B8a%20%28politician%29">Johan Støa</a> at the Storting after Støa's death in September 1973. From 1992 to 1996 he served as state secretary in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.


</doc>
<doc id="54796556" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54796556" title="Minsk County, Minsk Governorate">
Minsk County, Minsk Governorate

Minsk County () was one of the <a href="counties%20of%20the%20Russian%20Empire">counties</a> of <a href="Minsk%20Governorate">Minsk Governorate</a> and the <a href="Governorate-General%20of%20Minsk">Governorate-General of Minsk</a> of the <a href="Russian%20Empire">Russian Empire</a> and then of <a href="Byelorussian%20Soviet%20Socialist%20Republic">Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic</a> with its center in <a href="Minsk">Minsk</a> from 1793 until its formal abolition in 1924 by Soviet authorities.


</doc>
<doc id="54796578" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54796578" title="Giovanni Tocci">
Giovanni Tocci

Giovanni Tocci (born <a href="Cosenza">Cosenza</a>, 31 August 1994) is an <a href="Italy">Italian</a> <a href="diving">diver</a>. He competed in the <a href="Diving%20at%20the%202016%20Summer%20Olympics%20%E2%80%93%20Men%27s%20synchronized%203%20metre%20springboard">men's synchronized 3 metre springboard</a> at the <a href="2016%20Summer%20Olympics">2016 Summer Olympics</a>, where he and <a href="Andrea%20Chiarabini">Andrea Chiarabini</a> finished 6th out of 8 teams.


</doc>
<doc id="54796579" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54796579" title="Unemployed Workers' Organisation">
Unemployed Workers' Organisation

The Unemployed Workers' Organisation was an organisation of unemployed workers founded in London in 1923. It was a breakaway from the <a href="National%20Unemployed%20Workers%27%20Movement">National Unemployed Workers' Movement</a> (NUWM). They opposed the reformist politics and political control by the <a href="Communist%20Party%20of%20Great%20Britain">Communist Party of Great Britain</a>. It was founded <a href="Gunnar%20Soderberg">Gunnar Soderberg</a>, a <a href="Swedish%20people">Swedish</a> seaman who had been active in the <a href="Industrial%20Workers%20of%20the%20World">Industrial Workers of the World</a>. He had been the London organiser of the NUWM.


</doc>
<doc id="54796580" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54796580" title="Colegio Urdaneta Ikastetxea">
Colegio Urdaneta Ikastetxea

Colegio Urdaneta Ikastetxea is an <a href="Augustine%20of%20Hippo">Agustinian</a> semi-private mixed elementary, middle and high school owned by Congregation for Religious “Provincia Agustiniana del Santísimo Nombre de Jesús de Filipinas”. Its facilities are located in <a href="Loiu">Loiu</a>, <a href="Neguri">Neguri</a> and <a href="Moyua">Moyua</a>, in the province of <a href="Biscay">Biscay</a>, <a href="Spain">Spain</a>. 

This school was ranked in 26th position among the first best one hundred schools in Spain by <a href="El%20Mundo%20Newspaper">El Mundo Newspaper</a> in 2017.



</doc>
<doc id="54796588" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54796588" title="Nurteria bicolor">
Nurteria bicolor

Nurteria bicolor is a species of <a href="fly">fly</a> first described by <a href="Octave%20Parent">Octave Parent</a> in 1934. It belongs to the <a href="genus">genus</a> <a href="Nurteria">Nurteria</a> and the <a href="family%20%28biology%29">family</a> <a href="Dolichopodidae">Dolichopodidae</a>. It has no sub-species listed in the <a href="Catalogue%20of%20Life">Catalogue of Life</a>.


</doc>
<doc id="54796597" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54796597" title="Narine">
Narine

Narine is both a feminine given name of Armenian origin, and a surname perhaps of Indian origin. People with that name include:





</doc>
<doc id="54796604" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54796604" title="Mozyr County">
Mozyr County

Mozyr County () was one of the <a href="counties%20of%20the%20Russian%20Empire">counties</a> of <a href="Minsk%20Governorate">Minsk Governorate</a> and the <a href="Governorate-General%20of%20Minsk">Governorate-General of Minsk</a> of the <a href="Russian%20Empire">Russian Empire</a> and then of <a href="Byelorussian%20Soviet%20Socialist%20Republic">Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic</a> with its center in <a href="Mozyr">Mozyr</a> from 1793 until its formal abolition in 1924 by Soviet authorities.


</doc>
<doc id="54796608" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54796608" title="Slobodan Nikolić">
Slobodan Nikolić

Slobodan Nikolić (; born June 14, 1959) is a Serbian basketball coach and former player. He is currently the head coach of the Napredak Bosforus of the <a href="Basketball%20League%20of%20Serbia%20B">Basketball League of Serbia B</a>.

Playing career.
Nikolić played for the <a href="KK%20Crvena%20zvezda">Crvena zvezda</a> of the <a href="First%20Federal%20Basketball%20League">Yugoslav First League</a> from 1975 to 1987 and from 1989 to 1991. He holds the Clubs records for the most seasons played (14) and the most games played (429). He also played for the <a href="KK%20Vojvodina">Vojvodina</a> and the <a href="OKK%20Beograd">OKK Beograd</a> as well as for Bulgarian team <a href="BC%20Spartak%20Pleven">Plama Pleven</a>.

Coaching career.
Nikolić coached teams from <a href="Russia">Russia</a> (<a href="BC%20Spartak%20Primorye">Spartak Primorye</a>), <a href="National%20Basketball%20League%20%28Bulgaria%29">Bulgaria</a> (<a href="PBC%20Academic">Lukoil Academic</a>), the <a href="National%20Basketball%20League%20%28Czech%20Republic%29">Czech Republic</a> (<a href="BK%20Opava">Opava</a>, <a href="BK%20Pardubice">Synthesia Pardubice</a>), <a href="Liga%20Na%C8%9Bional%C4%83%20%28men%27s%20basketball%29">Romania</a> (<a href="CS%20Energia">Energia Rovinari</a>) as well as <a href="OKK%20Beograd">OKK Beograd</a>, <a href="KK%20Radni%C4%8Dki%20Kragujevac">Radnički Kragujevac</a> and <a href="KK%20Borac%20Banja%20Luka">Borac Banja Luka</a>.

Personal life.
He is the father of a Serbian basketball player <a href="Stefan%20Nikoli%C4%87%20%28basketball%29">Stefan Nikolić</a> (born 1987).



</doc>
<doc id="54796647" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54796647" title="Novogrudok County">
Novogrudok County

Novogrudok County () was one of the <a href="counties%20of%20the%20Russian%20Empire">counties</a> of <a href="Minsk%20Governorate">Minsk Governorate</a> and the <a href="Governorate-General%20of%20Minsk">Governorate-General of Minsk</a> of the <a href="Russian%20Empire">Russian Empire</a> and then of <a href="Byelorussian%20Soviet%20Socialist%20Republic">Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic</a> with its center in <a href="Novogrudok">Novogrudok</a>. It was established 1793 and in 1924 abolished by Soviet authorities.

History.
Before 1843 it was part of <a href="Grodno%20Governorate">Grodno Governorate</a>.


</doc>
<doc id="54796720" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54796720" title="Pinsk County">
Pinsk County

Pinsk County () was one of the <a href="counties%20of%20the%20Russian%20Empire">counties</a> of <a href="Minsk%20Governorate">Minsk Governorate</a> and the <a href="Governorate-General%20of%20Minsk">Governorate-General of Minsk</a> of the <a href="Russian%20Empire">Russian Empire</a> and then of <a href="Byelorussian%20Soviet%20Socialist%20Republic">Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic</a> with its center in <a href="Pinsk">Pinsk</a> from 1793 until its formal abolition in 1924 by Soviet authorities.


</doc>
<doc id="54796741" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54796741" title="Rechytsa County">
Rechytsa County

Rechytsa County () was one of the <a href="counties%20of%20the%20Russian%20Empire">counties</a> of <a href="Minsk%20Governorate">Minsk Governorate</a> and the <a href="Governorate-General%20of%20Minsk">Governorate-General of Minsk</a> of the <a href="Russian%20Empire">Russian Empire</a> and then of <a href="Byelorussian%20Soviet%20Socialist%20Republic">Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic</a> with its center in <a href="Rechytsa">Rechytsa</a> from 1793 until its formal abolition in 1924 by Soviet authorities.


</doc>
<doc id="54796770" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54796770" title="Slutsk County">
Slutsk County

Slutsk County () was one of the <a href="counties%20of%20the%20Russian%20Empire">counties</a> of <a href="Minsk%20Governorate">Minsk Governorate</a> and the <a href="Governorate-General%20of%20Minsk">Governorate-General of Minsk</a> of the <a href="Russian%20Empire">Russian Empire</a> and then of <a href="Byelorussian%20Soviet%20Socialist%20Republic">Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic</a> with its center in <a href="Slutsk">Slutsk</a> from 1793 until its formal abolition in 1924 by Soviet authorities.


</doc>
<doc id="54796807" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54796807" title="Zebra Varakal">
Zebra Varakal

Zebra Varakal is a 2017 Indian Malayalam film directed by Sajin Lal which is based on the popular novel of the same name, written by A J Xavier. The film stars <a href="Meghana%20Raj">Meghana Raj</a>, <a href="Ansiba%20Hassan">Ansiba Hassan</a> and <a href="Sheelu%20Abraham">Sheelu Abraham</a> in the lead roles. <a href="Principal%20photography">Principal photography</a> of the film started in 2017. Thiruvananthapuram, Kannur, and Ernakulam are the main locations. 

Plot.
The film narrates the mental agony and emotional bonding between a father, who is a politician, and his daughter, a journalist.


</doc>
<doc id="54796907" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54796907" title="Low Blow (film)">
Low Blow (film)

Low Blow is a film released in 1986 through <a href="Crown%20International%20Pictures%20">Crown International Pictures </a>. It is about a private investigator that goes on the hunt for a girl who has been taken in by a religious cult. He recruits a team to help him in his quest to rescue the girl. It stars <a href="Leo%20Fong">Leo Fong</a>, <a href="Cameron%20Mitchell%20%28actor%29">Cameron Mitchell</a>, <a href="Troy%20Donahue">Troy Donahue</a>, <a href="Akosua%20Busia">Akosua Busia</a> and <a href="Stack%20Pierce">Stack Pierce</a>.
Story.
A young heiress is in the clutches or a weird religious sect which is based in a rural compound. The cult leader (played by Cameron Mitchell). At his side is a lady called Karma (played by Akosua Busia) who has a vocal prowess. She is also the lover of the leader. Joe Wong (played by Leo Fong) is former policeman, who has been hired by her businessman father to bring her back to him safely. He teams up with a group to help him which includes a Vietnam vet and a pro-boxing champ. 
Background.
The film was directed by Frank Harris. Leo Fong produced the film and Hope Holiday was the associate producer. Leo Fong also wrote the story. The film also features <a href="Billy%20Blanks">Billy Blanks</a> in his first film role.

It was released on Vestron in both Beta and VHS formats in 1986.



</doc>
<doc id="54797035" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54797035" title="Jamal Walton">
Jamal Walton

Jamal Walton (born November 25, 1998) is a <a href="Cayman%20Islands">Caymanian</a> <a href="Sprint%20%28running%29">sprinter</a> specializing in the <a href="400%20meters">400 meters</a> as well as an <a href="American%20football">American football</a> player. He represented his country at the <a href="2017%20World%20Championships%20in%20Athletics">2017 World Championships</a> reaching the semifinals. In addition, he won the gold medal at the <a href="2017%20Pan%20American%20U20%20Athletics%20Championships">2017 Pan American U20 Championships</a> with a new Championships record and <a href="List%20of%20Caymanian%20records%20in%20athletics">national record</a> of 44.99.

Born in the <a href="United%20States">United States</a>, he has a dual citizenship with the <a href="Cayman%20Islands">Cayman Islands</a> where his father comes from.

International competitions.
Did not finish in the semifinals

Did not start in the final

Personal bests.
Outdoor


</doc>
<doc id="54797067" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54797067" title="Lost Cause Motors">
Lost Cause Motors

Lost Cause Motors was an American automobile manufacturer, based in <a href="Louisville">Louisville</a> (Kentucky) from 1963 to 1964. Its founder, Charles P. Farmsley, had previously been mayor of Louisville and worked at the coachbuilding company <a href="Derham%20Body%20Company">Derham Body Company</a> in Rosemont (Pennsylvania).

Model description.
The only creation of Lost Cause was a <a href="Chevrolet%20Corvair">Chevrolet Corvair</a>-based <a href="limousine">limousine</a>, equipped with all imaginable luxury equipment. The seats and roof were covered with black leather, the dashboard was made of Kentucky <a href="walnut">walnut</a>. The instruments in the dashboard were supplemented by an <a href="altimeter">altimeter</a>, a compass, a timer and various fittings for use in the rally sport. Also included were a picnic set and a suitcase set.

The standard six-cylinder boxer with 2376 cm³ displacement and 80 bhp (59 kW) power at 4400 rpm could be tuned by John Fitch & Co. to deliver 120 bhp (88 kW) and in this configuration the car reached 185 km/h



</doc>
<doc id="54797112" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54797112" title="Ajay Kohli">
Ajay Kohli

Ajay K. Kohli is the Gary T. and Elizabeth R. Jones Chair at <a href="Scheller%20College%20of%20Business">Scheller College of Business</a>, <a href="Georgia%20Institute%20of%20Technology">Georgia Institute of Technology</a>. He is known for his work on <a href="market%20orientation">market orientation</a>, <a href="Marketing">marketing theory</a> and <a href="marketing%20strategy">marketing strategy</a>. He is a former editor-in-chief of the <a href="Journal%20of%20Marketing">Journal of Marketing</a>. He is a fellow of the <a href="American%20Marketing%20Association">American Marketing Association</a>.




</doc>
<doc id="54797117" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54797117" title="Delias anamesa">
Delias anamesa

Delias anamesa is a <a href="butterfly">butterfly</a> in the <a href="Pieridae">Pieridae</a> family. It was described by Neville Henry Bennett in 1956. It is <a href="Endemism">endemic</a> to the <a href="Chimbu%20Province">Chimbu Province</a> of <a href="Papua%20New%20Guinea">Papua New Guinea</a>.

The <a href="wingspan">wingspan</a> is about 68-80 mm.

Taxonomy.
This species is often considered to be a subspecies of "<a href="Delias%20niepelti">Delias niepelti</a>", but was given specific status during a full review of the "niepelti" group.
 


</doc>
<doc id="54797153" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54797153" title="Kovno County">
Kovno County

Kovno County () was one of the <a href="counties%20of%20the%20Russian%20Empire">counties of the Russian Empire</a>. The center was in <a href="Kovno">Kovno</a>.

History.
Established 1795 under <a href="Vilna%20Governorate">Vilna Governorate</a>. Transferred to <a href="Kovno%20Governorate">Kovno Governorate</a>. Formal abolition in 1924 by Soviet authorities.


</doc>
<doc id="54797168" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54797168" title="Staincliffe and Batley Carr railway station">
Staincliffe and Batley Carr railway station

Staincliffe and Batley Carr railway station served the hamlet of <a href="Staincliffe">Staincliffe</a> and the district of <a href="Batley%20Carr">Batley Carr</a> in <a href="West%20Yorkshire">West Yorkshire</a>, England from 1878 to 1952 on the <a href="Huddersfield%20Line">Huddersfield Line</a>.

History.
The station opened in 1878 by the <a href="London%20and%20North%20Western%20Railway">London and North Western Railway</a>. The station was situated north of and south of station. The station closed to both passengers and goods traffic in 1952.


</doc>
<doc id="54797180" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54797180" title="Anzu Haruno">
Anzu Haruno




</doc>
<doc id="54797196" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54797196" title="Shavli County">
Shavli County

Shavli County () was one of the <a href="counties%20of%20the%20Russian%20Empire">counties of the Russian Empire</a>. The center was in <a href="Shavli">Shavli</a>.

History.
Established 1795 under <a href="Vilna%20Governorate">Vilna Governorate</a>. Transferred to <a href="Kovno%20Governorate">Kovno Governorate</a>. Formal abolition in 1924 by Soviet authorities.


</doc>
<doc id="54797226" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54797226" title="Gardner's short-tailed opossum">
Gardner's short-tailed opossum

Gardner's short-tailed opossum "(Monodelphis gardneri)" is a <a href="marsupial">marsupial</a> <a href="mammal">mammal</a> from <a href="South%20America">South America</a>. It was named in 2012 by Sergio Solari, Víctor Pacheco, Elena Vivar and Louise H. Emmons. They named it after Dr. Alfred L. Gardner who took the first specimen of this species.

Description.
Collected specimen range from 70-100 mm in head-and-body lenght. The fur has a Prout Brown to Mummy Brown colour with three distinctive black stripes on its back, reaching from between the ears to the base of the tail. The tail is slightly shorter than half of the head-and-body lenght. This species, although marsupial, has no pouch for its young.

Habitat and ecology.
Gardner's short-tailed opossum inhabits the montane forests on the eastern slopes of the <a href="Andes">Andes Mountains</a> in <a href="Peru">Peru</a>. It was found in dense to semi-open forests or even at the edge between forest and an open <a href="Sphagnum">sphagnu</a>m bog in thickets of dense brush and bamboo. It probably is terrestrial and does not climb trees.

Other members of the "Monodelphis" genus are <a href="Omnivore">omnivorous</a> or <a href="Carnivore">carnivorous</a>, feeding on <a href="Insect">insects</a>.


</doc>
<doc id="54797238" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54797238" title="Bruce Ronald Henderson">
Bruce Ronald Henderson

Bruce Ronald Henderson, also known as Bruce Grenville and Martin Renwick, (born 1950) is a New Zealand <a href="anarchist">anarchist</a>, hoaxer and producer of <a href="artistamps">artistamps</a>. He is particularly known for the creation of the fictional Sultanate of Occussi-Ambeno.

Early life.
Bruce Henderson was born in Wellington, New Zealand, in 1950.

Sultanate of Occussi-Ambeno.
In the 1970s and 1980s he gained notoriety for a hoax involving the fabrication of the utopian Sultanate State of Occussi-Ambeno, located as an <a href="exclave">exclave</a> on the <a href="Island%20of%20Timor">Island of Timor</a>, with himself as the self-proclaimed Sultan. Stamps were produced for the "Sultanate".

Other fabrications.
Grenville's artistamp output encompasses an entire alternative universe of artistamp countries. These include the Kingdom of all the Sedang (not to be confused with the historic Kingdom of Sedang), the Sultanate of Upper Yafa, the People's Republic of Kempland, the Free Vinland Republic, the Republic of Liegerland, the Republic of Port Maria, Tui Tui, Aldabra, Raoul, the Land of Muggy, Cryonica, Aramoana, Whangamomona, Lar?, Nova Arcadia, the Antarctic Confederation and the Khanate of Bokhara. Grenville's artistamp world even has its own imaginary "United Nations," the "International Council of Independent States" (ICIS). His creations are sometimes identified as micronations; however, being completely fictitious and without "participants", they do not fit the definition.

He produced stamps and labels for the Karenni, being in contact with some leaders of the KNPP, the Karenni revolutionary party on the border with Thailand. At the time the KNPP was controlling part of Karenni State (Kayah State). Covers bearing these stamps were actually sent by the Karenni, with Thai stamps to pay postage.

"Doctor Who".
In January 1999, he came to notice for the discovery of a <a href="Doctor%20Who%20missing%20episodes">long missing</a> 1965 original episode of the BBC television series "<a href="Doctor%20Who">Doctor Who</a>", discovered in a garage sale in <a href="Napier%2C%20New%20Zealand">Napier</a>. The episode, "The Lion" (the first part of the serial "<a href="The%20Crusade%20%28Doctor%20Who%29">The Crusade</a>") was subsequently released on VHS and later DVD.




</doc>
<doc id="54797260" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54797260" title="N52 road (France)">
N52 road (France)

The Route Nationale 52 is a trunk road (<a href="Route%20nationale">Route nationale</a>) between Aubange (Belgium) and Crusnes. This road is a dual carriageway only.

</doc>
<doc id="54797303" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54797303" title="Telshi County">
Telshi County

Telshi County () was one of the <a href="counties%20of%20the%20Russian%20Empire">counties of the Russian Empire</a>. The center was in <a href="Telshi">Telshi</a>.

History.
Established 1795 under <a href="Vilna%20Governorate">Vilna Governorate</a>. Transferred to <a href="Kovno%20Governorate">Kovno Governorate</a>. Formal abolition in 1924 by Soviet authorities.


</doc>
<doc id="54797432" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54797432" title="Rob Heaps">
Rob Heaps

Rob Heaps is a British actor, best known for co-starring as Ezra Bloom in the Bravo television series, "<a href="Imposters%20%28TV%20series%29">Imposters</a>". He grew up in <a href="York">York</a>, England. he went to drama school in <a href="St.%20Petersburg">St. Petersburg</a>, Russia.



</doc>
<doc id="54797437" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54797437" title="Broughton Village">
Broughton Village

Broughton Village is a locality on the border of the <a href="Municipality%20of%20Kiama">Kiama</a> and <a href="City%20of%20Shoalhaven">Shoalhaven</a> local government areas in <a href="New%20South%20Wales">New South Wales</a>, Australia. It lies on the <a href="Princes%20Highway">Princes Highway</a> about 18 southwest of <a href="Kiama">Kiama</a> and 39 km north of <a href="Nowra">Nowra</a> and on Broughton creek. At the , it had a population of 86. Broughton Village is to not to be confused with <a href="Broughton%2C%20New%20South%20Wales">Broughton</a>, a locality that lies to its immediate southwest or <a href="Broughton%20Vale%2C%20New%20South%20Wales">Broughton Vale</a>, which lies to its immediate northwest.


</doc>
<doc id="54797528" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54797528" title="Hoërskool Velddrif">
Hoërskool Velddrif

Hoërskool Velddrif [Velddrif High School] is a <a href="public%20high%20school">public high school</a> in <a href="Velddrif">Velddrif</a>, <a href="Western%20Cape">Western Cape</a>, <a href="South%20Africa">South Africa</a>. It is an <a href="Afrikaans%20language">Afrikaans</a> combined upper and lower secondary school with approximately 380 students.

History.
Hoërskool Velddrif was founded in 1890 as a private school.

Crest.
The school crest represents the environs of Velddrif. Five wavy white lanes represent water, namely the <a href="Berg%20River">Berg River</a> and the sea. The boat is a stylized version of a fishing boat, honoring Velddrif's fishing industry, on which the town's economy was largely built. The bridge indicates the bridge between youth and adulthood. The sun relates to the schools motto: "Strive Higher."


</doc>
<doc id="54797542" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54797542" title="Rossieny County">
Rossieny County

Rossieny County () was one of the <a href="counties%20of%20the%20Russian%20Empire">counties</a> of the <a href="Russian%20Empire">Russian Empire</a> with its center in <a href="Rossieny">Rossieny</a> from 1793 until its formal abolition in 1924 by Soviet authorities.

History.
Established 1795 under the rule of <a href="Vilna%20Governorate">Vilna Governorate</a>. 1842 transferred to <a href="Kovno%20Governorate">Kovno Governorate</a>.


</doc>
<doc id="54797547" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54797547" title="Broom Hill, Hadleigh">
Broom Hill, Hadleigh

Broom Hill, Hadleigh is a 9.6 hectare <a href="Local%20Nature%20Reserve">Local Nature Reserve</a> in <a href="Hadleigh%2C%20Suffolk">Hadleigh</a> in <a href="Suffolk">Suffolk</a>. It is owned and managed by <a href="Babergh%20District%20Council">Babergh District Council</a>.

This former quarry is now covered with woodland, grassland and scrub. There are many ancient trees, together with <a href="Pollarding">pollarded</a> <a href="oak">oak</a>s and <a href="small-leaved%20lime">small-leaved lime</a>s, which had high branches removed, and <a href="coppice">coppice</a>d <a href="hazel">hazel</a> and <a href="Tilia">lime</a> trees, which were cut at ground level.
There is access by a footpath from <a href="Riverside%20Walk%2C%20Haldeigh">Riverside Walk</a>.


</doc>
<doc id="54797550" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54797550" title="Gunnar Soderberg">
Gunnar Soderberg

Gunnar Soderberg (1896-19??) was a <a href="Swedish%20people">Swedish</a> labour activist. He was the founder of the <a href="Unemployed%20Workers%27%20Organisation">Unemployed Workers' Organisation</a> in London in 1923.


</doc>
<doc id="54797557" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54797557" title="John Brannick">
John Brannick

John Brannick (1830—July 2, 1895) was an <a href="Irish%20people">Irish</a> <a href="whiskey">whiskey</a> maker, and founder and master distiller of the Dublin Whiskey Distillery Company.

Early life and career.
Born into a <a href="Dublin">Dublin</a> family of whiskey distillers in 1830, Brannick's father, Patrick Brannick was "for twenty-five years in the distillery of Sir John Power". Brannick "spent considerable time" working with his father in Power's distillery, before going to work for the distillery of George Roe and Son, with whom he remained for nearly twenty years, from 1852 to 1872. Brannick "successfully acted as Chief Distiller for Messrs. John Power & Son and Messrs. George Row & Co. for many years". After briefly managing a distillery in <a href="Limerick%2C%20Ireland">Limerick</a>, Brannick "returned to Dublin to superintend the building of the <a href="Jones%20Road%20Distillery">Dublin Whiskey Distillery at Jones's-road</a>".

Dublin Whiskey Distillery.
Through the Dublin Whiskey Distillery Company, Brannick was a founder and operator of the subsidiary <a href="Jones%20Road%20Distillery">Jones Road Distillery</a>, established by a consortium of seven businessmen. Construction began in July 1872, and by July 1873 mashing had commenced. It was one of the six great <a href="Irish%20whiskey">Irish whiskey</a> distilleries of Dublin city visited and documented by <a href="Alfred%20Barnard">Alfred Barnard</a> in 1886 for his seminal 1887 publication "<a href="The%20Whisky%20Distilleries%20of%20the%20United%20Kingdom">The Whisky Distilleries of the United Kingdom</a>". It was located on the north side of the city on the banks of the river Tolka, approximately a mile north of the city center. The Irish whiskey produced there was sold under the brand name D.W.D., with the first mash being produced in July 1873. Barnard reported that it was equipped with some of the best and most modern distilling equipment available at that time, and had a capacity of 800,000 gallons per annum. Early in his tenure at this company, Brannick married Mary Hayes, on January 26, 1873. Brannick presented samples of <a href="charcoal">charcoal</a> and <a href="pyroligneous%20acid">pyroligneous acid</a> (both used in the production of whiskey) at the 1883 Cork Industrial Exhibition.

Brannick "initiated the Dublin Whiskey Distillery Co.'s undertaking, the distillation of that Co. being under Mr. Brannick's sole control from the time it was started" until he left to manage the Banagher Distillery Co." During this time, Brannick became "one of the best known and most successful of the Irish distillers", known for being "one who in Dublin had learned the secrets of the trade". Under Brannick's management, whiskey from the Dublin Whiskey Distillery Co. "became a well known and celebrated commodity in the whiskey market". Brannick's tenure managing the Dublin Whiskey Distillery Co. was seventeen years. Brannick left the Dublin Whiskey Distillery in 1887, but remained a shareholder, and continued to maintain an interest through the Dublin Whiskey Distillery Co.'s 1891 amalgamation with other major distillers.

Banagher Distillery.
Beginning October 1, 1887, Brannick oversaw the reopening of the Banagher Distillery, which had previously been bankrupted and fallen into disuse under its prior owners. Brannick was the guest of honor at a banquet of 150 people held Saturday, November 5, 1887, "on the occasion of his departure from Dublin, where he had for many years occupied the position of general manager and distiller at the Dublin Whiskey Distillery Company, to take up the position of director and distiller in the newly re-opened whiskey distillery at Banagher".

Brannick's reputation, after seventeen years as distiller and manager of the Dublin Whiskey Distillery Co., was widely reported, and advertised by his new employer:

In 1889, it was reported that the Banagher Distillery was "now under full work", under Brannick's charge as Distiller and Director. Throughout his life, Brannick supported several charitable causes, and continued doing so while managing the Banagher Distillery. For example, in October, 1989, it was reported that Brannick had donated a <a href="Clydesdale%20horse">Clydesdale horse</a> valued at £50 as one of the more valuable prizes put up to raise funds for the completion of <a href="St%20Mel%27s%20cathedral%2C%20Longford">St. Mel's Cathedral</a> in <a href="Longford">Longford</a>.

Monasterevan Distillery, and Brannick's death.
Towards the end of 1892, the Monasterevan Distillery advertised that they had "secured the service of the well-known Distiller, Mr. John Brannick, Late of Sir John Powers and the DWD Co Distillery, Jones' Road", asserting that Brannick "has always been so well supported by the Dublin trades, he has every confidence that they will continue their patronage to him in his new position, which he is desirous to make his greatest success". According to Brannick's 1893 testimony as a witness in litigation against the Dublin Whiskey Distillery following the accidental death of an employee, he remained a shareholder in that company, and after serving as managing director of the <a href="Banagher">Banagher</a> establishment, was then a distiller at Cassidy's, <a href="Monasterevan">Monasterevan</a>, "where he had 100 men employed". In January 1895, it was reported at the Ballickmoyler Petty Sessions for the 11th of that month that that Brannick was "appointed sole general manager as well as distiller" of Monasterevan Distillery, taking the place of the recently deceased James Dowling.

Brannick's last position was to be short-lived; he died in Monasterevan on July 2, 1895, from <a href="influenza">influenza</a>. Brannick was survived by his wife, and his estate was administered by Barrington & Son. All told, Brannick was a distiller for over forty years. Within his industry he was considered "sui generis" (without equal), at a time when Dublin, for much of the 19th century, was described as the whiskey powerhouse of the world.


</doc>
<doc id="54797558" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54797558" title="2016 NIT Srinagar Student Protests">
2016 NIT Srinagar Student Protests

The 2016 NIT Srinagar Student Protests were a series of protests and agitation in the <a href="NIT%20Srinagar">NIT Srinagar</a> which started in April 2016 after an India West Indies ODI Match.



</doc>
<doc id="54797586" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54797586" title="Club Agropecuario Argentino">
Club Agropecuario Argentino

Club Agropecuario Argentino is an <a href="Argentina">Argentine</a> <a href="football%20club">football club</a> sited in <a href="Carlos%20Casares%2C%20Buenos%20Aires">Carlos Casares</a>, a city of <a href="Buenos%20Aires%20Province">Buenos Aires Province</a>. Founded in 2011, the club is one of the youngest institutions affiliated to the <a href="Argentine%20Football%20Association">Argentine Football Association</a>.

The squad plays at Liga Casarense de Fútbol, the regional league of <a href="Carlos%20Casares%20Partido">Carlos Casares Partido</a>.

History.
Agropecuario was founded by Bernardo Grobocopatel, a local entrepreneur related to <a href="soybean">soybean</a> cultivation, who is also owner and president of the club.

The squad participated in now defunct <a href="Torneo%20Argentino%20A">Argentino A</a> where was eliminated by C.A. French in the 2012 season. The next year, Agropecuario finished 6° of 6 teams in the <a href="Torneo%20Argentino%20B">Argentino B</a>. The club debuted in the Federal B (the regionalised 4th division) in 2014, where it was defeated by Juventud de Pergamino and eliminated from the competition.

Agropecuario promoted to <a href="Torneo%20Federal%20A">Federal A</a> in 2016 after beating San Martín de Formosa by <a href="Penalty%20shoot-out%20%28association%20football%29">penalty shoot-out</a>.

The team lasted only one season in the division so in June 2017, Agropecuario crowned <a href="2016%E2%80%9317%20Torneo%20Federal%20A">2016–17</a> champion, therefore promoting to <a href="Primera%20B%20Nacional">Primera B Nacional</a>, the second division of Argentine football, after <a href="Gimnasia%20y%20Tiro">Gimnasia y Tiro</a> defeated <a href="Gimnasia%20y%20Esgrima%20de%20Mendoza">Gimnasia y Esgrima (M)</a> by 1–0. Agropecuario also became the youngest club to achieve a promotion to B Nacional, with only 6 years of existence. Until then, <a href="Crucero%20del%20Norte">Crucero del Norte</a> had held the record with 9-yr old when it promoted in 2012. 


</doc>
<doc id="54797629" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54797629" title="NDUFAF4">
NDUFAF4

NADH:ubiquinone oxidoreductase complex assembly factor 4 is a <a href="protein">protein</a> that in humans is encoded by the NDUFAF4 <a href="gene">gene</a>.

Function.
NADH:ubiquinone oxidoreductase (complex I) catalyzes the transfer of electrons from <a href="NADH">NADH</a> to <a href="ubiquinone">ubiquinone</a> (coenzyme Q) in the first step of the <a href="mitochondrial%20respiratory%20chain">mitochondrial respiratory chain</a>, resulting in the translocation of protons across the <a href="inner%20mitochondrial%20membrane">inner mitochondrial membrane</a>. This gene encodes a <a href="complex%20I">complex I</a> assembly factor. Mutations in this gene are a cause of <a href="mitochondrial%20complex%20I%20deficiency">mitochondrial complex I deficiency</a>.



</doc>
<doc id="54797634" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54797634" title="Ian Matos">
Ian Matos

Ian Matos (born 24 April 1989) is a <a href="Brazil">Brazil</a>ian <a href="diving">diver</a>. He competed in the <a href="Diving%20at%20the%202016%20Summer%20Olympics%20%E2%80%93%20Men%27s%20synchronized%203%20metre%20springboard">men's synchronized 3 metre springboard</a> at the <a href="2016%20Summer%20Olympics">2016 Summer Olympics</a>, where he and <a href="Luiz%20Outerelo">Luiz Outerelo</a> finished 8th out of 8 teams.

Matos <a href="came%20out">came out</a> as <a href="gay">gay</a> in 2014.


</doc>
<doc id="54797662" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54797662" title="Chantal Cadieux">
Chantal Cadieux

Chantal Cadieux (born June 15, 1967) is a Canadian writer living in <a href="Quebec">Quebec</a>.

She was born in <a href="Richmond%2C%20Quebec">Richmond</a> and received a diploma in play writing from the <a href="National%20Theatre%20School%20of%20Canada">National Theatre School of Canada</a> in 1990. She was one of a group of young authors who contributed to the show "38", based on works by <a href="Shakespeare">Shakespeare</a>, at the <a href="Th%C3%A9%C3%A2tre%20d%27Aujourd%27hui">Théâtre d'Aujourd'hui</a>.

Her novel "Longueur d'ondes" received the Prix Communication-Jeunesse. Cadieux also was awarded the two times: for her play "Parfums divers" in 1990 and for "Urgent besoin d'intimité" in 1991. She has written scripts for various television series including ', ', ', "<a href="Un%20gars%2C%20une%20fille">Un gars, une fille</a>", ' and "". Her scripts for the television series "<a href="Providence%20%28Quebec%20TV%20series%29">Providence</a>" have been nominated several times for the <a href="Prix%20G%C3%A9meaux">Prix Gémeaux</a>.





</doc>
<doc id="54797672" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54797672" title="1890–91 Welsh Cup">
1890–91 Welsh Cup

The 1890–91 FAW <a href="Welsh%20Cup">Welsh Cup</a> was the 14th edition of the annual knockout tournament for competitive football teams in <a href="Wales">Wales</a>. The competition was won by <a href="Shrewsbury%20Town">Shrewsbury Town</a>.


</doc>
<doc id="54797682" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54797682" title="Lamia Municipal Stadium">
Lamia Municipal Stadium

<a href="Lamia%20Municipal%20Stadium">Lamia Municipal Stadium</a> is a football stadium in the Greek city of <a href="Lamia%20%28city%29">Lamia</a> which hosts the home matches of <a href="Superleague%20Greece">Superleague Greece</a> side <a href="PAS%20Lamia%201964">PAS Lamia 1964</a>. It holds approximately 5,500 seats.


</doc>
<doc id="54797684" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54797684" title="Vilna County">
Vilna County

Vilna County () was one of the <a href="counties%20of%20the%20Russian%20Empire">counties of the Russian Empire</a>. The center was in <a href="Vilna">Vilna</a>.

History.
Established 1795 under <a href="Vilna%20Governorate">Vilna Governorate</a>. Formal abolition in 1924 by Soviet authorities.


</doc>
<doc id="54797841" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54797841" title="Werur Airport">
Werur Airport

Werur Airport (also known as Douglas Mac Arthur Airport) is an airport in <a href="Tambrauw%20Regency">Tambrauw</a>, <a href="West%20Papua%20%28province%29">West Papua</a>, <a href="Indonesia">Indonesia</a>. It replaced the smaller, former World War II airfield, <a href="Sansapor%20Airfield">Sansapor Airfield</a>.

Background.
The government said they will provide Rp30 billion, or about US$2.5 million, from the state budget for the construction of the airfield. 
In the meantime, Gabriel Asem, the head of Tambrauw district, remarked that the administration has budgeted Rp9 billion, or about US$752 thousand, for the construction of the airport and Rp3 billion, or about US$250 thousand, for acquiring the land for the airport.
The airport needs a land area of 200 hectares, including for its runway, taxiway, and the apron. The area of the runway is 500 x 23 meters, while the runway strip is 520 x 60 meters.
The Werur Airport will facilitate the locals and tourists to reach Raja Ampat and other locations in West Papua.



</doc>
<doc id="54797853" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54797853" title="Marcela Marić">
Marcela Marić

Marcela Marić (born 18 October 1996) is a <a href="Croatia">Croatia</a>n <a href="diving">diver</a>. She competed in the <a href="Diving%20at%20the%202016%20Summer%20Olympics%20%E2%80%93%20Women%27s%203%20metre%20springboard">women's 3 metre springboard</a> at the <a href="2016%20Summer%20Olympics">2016 Summer Olympics</a>, where she finished 25th out of 29 competitors.

Marić attends the <a href="University%20of%20Miami">University of Miami</a>.


</doc>
<doc id="54797866" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54797866" title="Facifica Falayfay">
Facifica Falayfay

Facifica Falayfay is a 1969 movie starring <a href="Dolphy">Dolphy</a>, adapted from <a href="Mars%20Ravelo">Mars Ravelo</a>’s series of superhero comics. A sequel, "<a href="Mga%20Anak%20ni%20Facifica%20Falayfay">Mga Anak ni Facifica Falayfay</a>", was released in 1987.

Plot.
A young boy, Facifica (Dolphy) is raised as a girl by his mother, Aling Kobay (<a href="Dely%20Atay-Atayan">Dely Atay-atayan</a>), who had been longing for a daughter. When Facifica’s mother died, his brothers tried to teach him combat skills and acting like a 'real man'. Later, he meets Pilar (<a href="Pilar%20Pilapil">Pilar Pilapil</a>), a movie star whom Facifica idolizes. He falls in love with her and feels the need to protect her.


Reception.
Referred to as Dolphy’s ultimate queer movie, critics preferred if Facifica did not become straight and ended up as best friends with Pilar, his leading lady.


</doc>
<doc id="54797901" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54797901" title="Midway, Caldwell County, Kentucky">
Midway, Caldwell County, Kentucky

Midway is an <a href="unincorporated%20community">unincorporated community</a> in <a href="Caldwell%20County%2C%20Kentucky">Caldwell County</a>, <a href="Kentucky">Kentucky</a>, <a href="United%20States">United States</a>.


</doc>
<doc id="54797941" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54797941" title="Anton Kotkov">
Anton Kotkov

Anton Sergeyevich Kotkov (; born 20 April 1990, <a href="Petrozavodsk">Petrozavodsk</a>), is a <a href="Russia">Russian</a> <a href="taekwondo">taekwondo</a> athlete. He won the silver medal at the <a href="2017%20World%20Taekwondo%20Championships">2017 World Taekwondo Championships</a> on the <a href="2017%20World%20Taekwondo%20Championships%20%E2%80%93%20Men%27s%20welterweight">welterweight category</a> and the bronze medal at the <a href="2013%20World%20Taekwondo%20Championships">2013 World Taekwondo Championships</a> in the <a href="2013%20World%20Taekwondo%20Championships%20%E2%80%93%20Men%27s%20welterweight">welterweight category</a>.


</doc>
<doc id="54797944" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54797944" title="Dev - TV series">
Dev - TV series

Dev is an Indian suspense drama television series produced by Peninsula Pictures. Showcasing stories inspired by real life events, this fictionalized investigative thriller plunges viewers into the world of Dev Burman - a detective who is an enigma in himself. Dev is a finite series of 26 episodes and was premiered on 5 August 2017 on <a href="Viacom%2018">Colors TV</a>.

Plot.
"Dev" places detective Dev Anand Burman (<a href="Ashish%20Chaudhary">Ashish Chaudhary</a>) in the middle of emotional upheavals and covert circumstances. Fighting inner-demons borne out of his wife Mahek's (<a href="Pooja%20Bose">Puja Banerjee</a>) untimely demise, Dev is living as a recluse with a cat named Madhubala. He works closely with Inspector Amod Narvekar (<a href="Amit%20Dolawat">Amit Dolawat</a>) who is convinced that Dev is the mastermind behind his wife's death. As he struggles to return to normalcy, Dev fosters a strong bond with his landlady Zohra Aapa or Zohra Rizwi (<a href="Jayshree%20Arora">Jayshree Arora</a>) as she cares for him, almost like a mother. But, it is his encounter with fiery Meera (<a href="Sumona%20Chakravarti">Sumona Chakravarti</a>) which forces him to look at life anew, exploring many untapped emotions.


Controversy.
The show was previously titled "Dev Anand". However, after the family of the legendary actor <a href="Dev%20Anand">Dev Anand</a> sent a notice to the makers, they decided to rename the show.

Reception.
Critical reception.
"Dev" has received a mixed response from critics. Sreeju Sudhakaran of "Bollywood Life" gave the show a rating of 3 stars out of 5 and said that, "While Indian television deals with saas-bahu sagas, naagins and children getting married to adults, it is often a welcome change to have shows like Dev that brings the dying genre of detective shows on Indian television. The first episode had a lot of interesting moments, and Ashish Chowdhry is surely apt for the role. Give it a chance!" 


</doc>
<doc id="54797946" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54797946" title="Chemin de fer de Lyon à la Méditerranée">
Chemin de fer de Lyon à la Méditerranée

The Chemin de fer de Lyon à la Méditerranée was a short-lived railway company in the south of France.
It was formed in 1852 and merged in 1857 with the Chemin de fer de Paris à Lyon and others to form the <a href="Chemins%20de%20fer%20de%20Paris%20%C3%A0%20Lyon%20et%20%C3%A0%20la%20M%C3%A9diterran%C3%A9e">Chemins de fer de Paris à Lyon et à la Méditerranée</a> (PLM).

Origins.
A concession of 1843 was granted for the line from <a href="Marseille">Marseille</a> to <a href="Avignon">Avignon</a>.
In 1850 a draft law was discussed to merge the <a href="Paris">Paris</a>-<a href="Lyon">Lyon</a> and Lyon-Avignon concessions, but the city of Lyon opposed the merger which would threaten its transit and warehouse operations, and it was agreed to keep the concession separate.
Based on a law of 1 December 1851, on 3 January 1852 the concession for a line from Lyon to Avignon, which had been suspended since 1847, was given to a company whose members included <a href="Paulin%20Talabot">Paulin Talabot</a>.
The law of 1 December 1851 authorized formation of the Chemin de fer de Lyon à Avignon, owned by Genissieu, Boigues & Cie, Emile Martin & Cie, Edouard Blount, Parent (Bazile), and Drouillard Benoist & Cie.

History.
The Chemin de fer de Lyon à Avignon company was formed by deed of 22 March 1852 to operate railway lines from Lyon to Avignon, Marseille to Avignon, <a href="Al%C3%A8s">Alès</a> to <a href="Beaucaire%2C%20Gard">Beaucaire</a>, Alès to the Grand'Combe mines, <a href="Montpellier">Montpellier</a> to <a href="Celle">Celle</a>, Montpellier to <a href="N%C3%AEmes">Nîmes</a>, <a href="Rognac">Rognac</a> to <a href="Aix-en-Provence">Aix</a> and <a href="Marseille">Marseille</a> to <a href="Toulon">Toulon</a>.
A law of 8 July 1852 approved merger of the companies of Avignon-Marseille, Montpellier-<a href="S%C3%A8te">Sète</a>, Gard and Montpellier-Nimes with the Lyon-Avignon company.
The law approved an agreement on 19 June 1852 between the Minister of Public Works and the Chemin de fer de Lyon à Avignon.

The merged company had the concession to build the Marseille-Toulon line.
It was named the Chemin de fer de Lyon à la Méditerranée.
Talabot became its director.
The industrialist <a href="Jules%20Hochet">Jules Hochet</a> (1813–1867) was an administrator.
The renamed company was recognised as an anonymous company on 8 December 1852.
The section from Valence to Avignon was opened in 1854.
On 16 April 1855 the line was connected from Lyon to Valence.
In 1856 the line was opened connecting the Paris-Lyon terminal of Lyon-Vaise to the Lyon-Marseille terminal of Lyon-Guillotiere.

Merger.
The Paris-Lyon and Lyon-Mediterranean companies were not rivals, and recognized that they must merge.
This took place in 1857.
The combined Chemins de fer de Paris à Lyon et à la Méditerranée was constituted on 11 April 1857.



</doc>
<doc id="54797953" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54797953" title="1963 South Carolina Gamecocks football team">
1963 South Carolina Gamecocks football team

The 1963 South Carolina Gamecocks football team represented the <a href="University%20of%20South%20Carolina">University of South Carolina</a> in the <a href="Atlantic%20Coast%20Conference">Atlantic Coast Conference</a> in the <a href="1963%20NCAA%20Division%20I-A%20football%20season">1963 NCAA Division I-A football season</a>. The Gamecocks would finish the season 1–8–1 overall.


</doc>
<doc id="54797967" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54797967" title="Meroo Meadow">
Meroo Meadow

Meroo Meadow is a suburb in the <a href="City%20of%20Shoalhaven">City of Shoalhaven</a> in <a href="New%20South%20Wales">New South Wales</a>, Australia. It lies on the <a href="Princes%20Highway">Princes Highway</a> about 33 southwest of <a href="Kiama">Kiama</a> and 9 km north of <a href="Nowra">Nowra</a>. At the , it had a population of 472. 


</doc>
<doc id="54797972" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54797972" title="Demish Gaye">
Demish Gaye

Demish Gaye (born 20 January 1993) is a <a href="Jamaica">Jamaica</a>n <a href="Sprint%20%28running%29">sprinter</a> specialising in the <a href="400%20metres">400 metres</a>. He represented his country at the <a href="2017%20World%20Championships%20in%20Athletics">2017 World Championships</a> reaching the final. A year earlier he competed in the <a href="4%20%C3%97%20400%20metres%20relay">4 × 400 metres relay</a> at the <a href="2016%20IAAF%20World%20Indoor%20Championships">World Indoor Championships</a> finishing fourth.

Personal bests.
Outdoor


</doc>
<doc id="54797982" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54797982" title="Midway, Calloway County, Kentucky">
Midway, Calloway County, Kentucky

Midway (also Tobacco, Willisville) is an <a href="unincorporated%20community">unincorporated community</a> in <a href="Calloway%20County%2C%20Kentucky">Calloway County</a>, <a href="Kentucky">Kentucky</a>, <a href="United%20States">United States</a>.


</doc>
<doc id="54797987" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54797987" title="Official Handbook of the Conan Universe">
Official Handbook of the Conan Universe

The Official Handbook of the Conan Universe is an <a href="encyclopedic">encyclopedic</a> <a href="Guide%20book">guide</a> which details the <a href="fictional%20universe">fictional universe</a> featured in <a href="Conan%20%28comics%29">Conan publications</a> of <a href="Marvel%20Comics">Marvel Comics</a>. The <a href="One-shot%20%28comics%29">one-shot</a> was published in <a href="comic%20book">comic book</a> format in 1986, followed by reprints in 1993. Main author and researcher was comic book writer <a href="Alan%20Zelenetz">Alan Zelenetz</a>.

Origin.
<a href="Jim%20Shooter">Jim Shooter</a>, Marvel's then <a href="editor-in-chief">editor-in-chief</a>, conceived of the idea, envisioning a guide detailing statistics much in the manner of those found on the backs of <a href="baseball%20cards">baseball cards</a>.
Shooter appointed <a href="Mark%20Gruenwald">Mark Gruenwald</a> editor of the project, and Gruenwald developed the project to include all aspects of the Marvel Universe, although he noted it was not comprehensive. The project was named <a href="Official%20Handbook%20of%20the%20Marvel%20Universe">The Official Handbook of the Marvel Universe</a> (OHOTMU) and was published in its first volume from 1983 to 1984 in comic book format in 15 issues. 
Not included in these handbooks were licensed characters like <a href="Conan%20%28Marvel_Comics%29">Conan</a> and creator-owned characters like <a href="Red%20Sonja">Red Sonja</a>. To cover these kind of characters connected to the <a href="Hyborian%20Age">Hyborian Age</a> and world a one-shot guide with the name "The Official Handbook of the Conan Universe" was made in the style of the first volume of the OHOTMU and published with the start of the second volume of the OHOTMU.

"The Official Handbook of the Conan Universe" detailed the more significant characters, locations and races of the Hyborian age, itemizing them into individual entries. Individual entries usually consisted of:

"The Official Handbook of the Conan Universe" entries were listed at one major character to a page, minor characters or races were often listed at two to a page.

Publication history.
The handbook came out as a <a href="One-shot%20%28comics%29">one-shot</a> in 1986. In 1993 it was reprinted in black and white (with a different cover and a cover-inside-poster) and then released in June in a polybagged issue with "Conan Saga #75" and again in August as a freebie included in the <a href="Wizard%20%28magazine%29">Wizard magazine</a>. In July 2014 the handbook was included in "The Chronicles of Conan vol. 27".





</doc>
<doc id="54798025" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798025" title="Akiko Kinouchi">
Akiko Kinouchi



</doc>
<doc id="54798027" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798027" title="1934 in Malaya">
1934 in Malaya

1934 in Malaya.






</doc>
<doc id="54798038" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798038" title="Fortress Explorations">
Fortress Explorations

Fortress Explorations is a Walk-Through attraction at <a href="Tokyo%20DisneySea">Tokyo DisneySea</a>.

Summary.
This fortress-themed attraction locates on the west side of Mediterranean Harbor. Within the attraction guests can walk around freely. Three restaurants ("Magellan's", "Magellan's Lounge", "Refrescos") in located inside of this attraction.

On July 7, 2008, an exploration-type new program called "The Leonardo Challenge" started. Guests receive the map and relies on it to find a "lava control station" somewhere in the attraction. However, a variety of trials are waiting for you to get there.

This attraction is set as a fortress of a fictional society called S.E.A. (Society of Explorers and Adventurers). Though this fictional society was created for this attraction, S.E.A. can be found in many Disney Parks attractions around the world such as <a href="Mystic%20Manor">Mystic Manor</a> in <a href="Hong%20Kong%20Disneyland">Hong Kong Disneyland</a>, <a href="Big%20Thunder%20Mountain%20Railroad">Big Thunder Mountain Railroad</a> in <a href="Magic%20Kingdom">Magic Kingdom</a>, Oceaneer Lab in <a href="Disney%20Cruise%20Line">Disney Cruise Line</a> and Miss Adventure Falls in <a href="Disney%27s%20Typhoon%20Lagoon">Disney's Typhoon Lagoon</a>.



</doc>
<doc id="54798052" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798052" title="Gi Group Spa">
Gi Group Spa

Gi Group Spa is one of the largest companies in the staffing industry and is headquartered in Milan, Italy. The Group, founded by Stefano Colli Lanzi in 1998, is also a global corporate member of World Employment Confederation (former CIETT), the international confederation of private employment agencies.

History.
Gi Group is founded in <a href="Italy">Italy</a> in 1998 by Stefano Colli Lanzi.
In 2004 the Group acquires the employment agency of <a href="Fiat">Fiat</a>, Worknet..
One year later, the operations in the <a href="outplacement">outplacement</a> sector start with DBM Italia. Thanks to these acquisitions, the Group becomes the first Italian staffing agency with a turnover of 360 million Euros and 180 branches in Italy.
In 2007 the <a href="internationalization">internationalization</a> process starts with acquisitions in <a href="Germany">Germany</a> and <a href="Poland">Poland</a>. 
In 2008 Générale Industrielle and Worknet become one brand: Gi Group. International expansion continues with operations in China, France, Brazil, Spain and India.
In 2009 the international expansion of Gi Group further increases: UK, Argentina and also Romania, where the company acquires Barnett McCall Recruitment.

Another important acquisition occurs in 2015: the business process outsourcing firm Holomatica, based in Brazil, becomes part of Gi Group.
In 2016 the acquisition of TACK & TMI, a global training and consulting company, is announced.
Corporate Social Responsibility.
Gi Group is recently focusing on <a href="Corporate%20Social%20Responsibility">Corporate Social Responsibility</a>. In 2014, the first CSR Report is published. In 2016, Gi Group organizes its first global CSR initiative, "Destination Work"., aimed at increasing employability through free workshops held by Gi Group's volunteering employees.


</doc>
<doc id="54798058" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798058" title="Riverside Walk, Hadleigh">
Riverside Walk, Hadleigh

Riverside Walk is a 4.6 hectare <a href="Local%20Nature%20Reserve">Local Nature Reserve</a> on the western outskirts of <a href="Hadleigh%2C%20Suffolk">Hadleigh</a> in <a href="Suffolk">Suffolk</a>. It is owned and managed by <a href="Babergh%20District%20Council%20">Babergh District Council </a>.

This linear site on the west bank of the <a href="River%20Brett">River Brett</a> comprises two footpaths and the <a href="alder">alder</a> woodland and fen between them. <a href="Great%20willowherb">Great willowherb</a> and <a href="meadowsweet">meadowsweet</a> grow in marshy silted up ditches, and birds include <a href="warbler">warbler</a>s and <a href="finch">finch</a>es.

There is access from Corks Lane and Duke Street.


</doc>
<doc id="54798065" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798065" title="Marius Gueit">
Marius Gueit

Marius André Gueit (2 September 1808 in <a href="Hy%C3%A8res">Hyères</a> – 1865 in Paris) was a 19th-century French <a href="organist">organist</a>, <a href="cellist">cellist</a> and composer.

Biography.
The son of a muleteer, he lost sight at the age of 15 months. At first he was a student of the <a href="Institut%20National%20des%20Jeunes%20Aveugles">Institut National des Jeunes Aveugles</a> (INJA) (National Institute for Blind Children or Royal Institution for Blind Youth), in Paris, where he taught from 1826 to 1832.

Among the professors who taught at this school were the organists <a href="Guillaume%20Lasceux">Guillaume Lasceux</a> (Poissy, 1740–Paris, 1831) and <a href="Jean-Nicolas%20Marrigues">Jean-Nicolas Marrigues</a> (1757–1834).

From 1832 to 1840, Gueit occupied the post of organist of the church of Saint-Paterne of <a href="Orl%C3%A9ans">Orléans</a>, succeeding <a href="S%C3%A9bastien%20Demar">Sébastien Demar</a> (pianist, composer and organist of German origin, installed in Orléans since 1791, at the organ of Saint-Paterne since 1815). In this same city, Gueit was also cellist at the Musical Institut (created in 1834), ancestor of the modern conservatory.

He then returned to Paris, where he held the organ of the church of Saint-Denis-du-Sacrement, and became a teacher at the INJA.

Here he had for pupil the Orleanese organist <a href="Henri%20Victor%20Tournaillon">Henri Victor Tournaillon</a> (Beaugency, 11 March 1832 – Orléans, 20 October 1887), entered in the INJA 16 November 1843.

Musical production.
He published numerous collections for the organ. Some are written for "expressive organ" (the harmonium), a recent instrument, which enjoyed a certain vogue.
We also owe him "Trois <a href="motet">motet</a>s au <a href="Eucharist">Saint-Sacrement</a>" (three sang <a href="transsubstantiation">Élévation</a>s), aw well as an "Andante & Rondo for <a href="cello">cello</a>, avec accompagnement de Piano".

There is relatively little organ music from this period, which makes the survival of certain indications of registration, mixed with other more modern elements (or at least "topical") interesting.


Works currently listed.
Also at the BnF:

Other locations:






</doc>
<doc id="54798068" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798068" title="Eric Oxenstierna">
Eric Oxenstierna

Count Eric Carl Gabriel Oxenstierna (1916-1968) was a Swedish historian and authority on the history of the <a href="Vikings">Vikings</a>. He completed his doctorate at the <a href="University%20of%20Uppsala">University of Uppsala</a> with a dissertation on the subject of "Die urheimat der Goten" (The home of the Goths) which was published in 1948.




</doc>
<doc id="54798074" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798074" title="Macteola">
Macteola

Macteola is a <a href="genus">genus</a> of <a href="sea%20snail">sea snail</a>s, <a href="marine%20%28ocean%29">marine</a> <a href="gastropod">gastropod</a> <a href="mollusk">mollusk</a>s in the <a href="family%20%28biology%29">family</a> <a href="Mangeliidae">Mangeliidae</a>.

Description.
This name is proposed for a genus of the Mangiliinae, in which the <a href="Aperture%20%28mollusc%29">aperture</a> has not acquired armature, and in which the <a href="Lip%20%28gastropod%29">lip</a> is not flexed. Prominent radial ribs are over-ridden by fine beaded spiral threads. The <a href="Apex%20%28mollusc%29">apex</a> is <a href="mucronate">mucronate</a> (i.e. with a small pointed projection, or spine-like ending), with smooth <a href="Whorl%20%28mollusc%29">whorl</a>s. Characteristic is a colour scheme of a peripheral zone of brown or black or orange, sometimes broken into a series of dots or clashes. 

Species.
Species within the genus "Macteola" include:




</doc>
<doc id="54798078" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798078" title="Ah King">
Ah King

Ah King is a collection of <a href="Short%20story">short stories</a> set in the <a href="Federated%20Malay%20States">Federated Malay States</a> and elsewhere in Southeast Asia during the 1920s by <a href="W.%20Somerset%20Maugham">W. Somerset Maugham</a>. It was first published by the UK publishing house, <a href="Heinemann%20%28book%20publisher%29">Heinemann</a>, in September 1933; the first American edition was published on November 8 of the same year by Doubleday Doran, New York. The book was published in French translation as "La Femme dans la Jungle" (1935) and in Spanish as "Ah King, mi criado china" (1946).

Like <a href="The%20Casuarina%20Tree">The Casuarina Tree</a>, "Ah King" was loosely based on Maugham's experiences traveling with his companion <a href="Gerald%20Haxton">Gerald Haxton</a> in the region for six months in 1921 and four months in 1925. The short stories collected in both volumes had appeared previously in magazines.

Explanation of the title.
In the preface to the collection, Maugham recounts how he engaged a servant in Singapore to assist him in his travels. Ah King, a twenty-year old man, accompanied him for six months. When Maugham was about to depart for Europe and the time came for them to part ways, Ah King surprised the author by bursting into tears (having shown little sign of emotion previously on the journey), leading Maugham to dedicate the volume to him.

Contents.
The stories—

Note: The short story "Neil MacAdam" was dramatized for the stage in 1941 by Paulo Braga as "O Fruito Proibido".


</doc>
<doc id="54798083" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798083" title="Midway, Crittenden County, Kentucky">
Midway, Crittenden County, Kentucky

Midway is an <a href="unincorporated%20community">unincorporated community</a> in <a href="Crittenden%20County%2C%20Kentucky">Crittenden County</a>, <a href="Kentucky">Kentucky</a>, <a href="United%20States">United States</a>.


</doc>
<doc id="54798096" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798096" title="South Australian Church Society">
South Australian Church Society

The <a href="South%20Australian%20Church%20Society">South Australian Church Society</a> was a British based organisation concerned with the establishment of churches in the new colony of <a href="South%20Australia">South Australia</a>. The committee (in 1836) included <a href="William%20Wolryche-Whitmore">William Wolryche-Whitmore</a>, <a href="Raikes%20Currie">Raikes Currie</a>, <a href="Pascoe%20St%20Leger%20Grenfell">Pascoe St Leger Grenfell</a>, <a href="John%20Morphett">John Morphett</a>, <a href="John%20Shaw%20Lefevre">John Shaw Lefevre</a>, <a href="John%20Rundle">John Rundle</a> and others — and had very strong connections and overlap with the Directors and Commissioners of the <a href="South%20Australia%20Company">South Australia Company</a>. Their key success was the formation and construction of the <a href="Holy%20Trinity%20Church%2C%20Adelaide">Holy Trinity Church, Adelaide</a> on North Terrace and Morphett Street. The Honorary Secretary was <a href="Charles%20Mann%20%28advocate-general%29">Charles Mann (advocate-general)</a> and <a href="Raikes%20Currie">Raikes Currie</a> as Treasurer.

The 1856 committee consisted of archbishop Rev. J. Woodcock, Rev. Pollitt of Kooringa, Rev. Burnett of Willunga, Rev. Bagthaw of Clare, Rev Coombs of Gawler Town, Rev Newenham of Mount Barker, Rev Fulford of St Mary's on the Sturt, and S. P. R. Allom (second master of the Collegiate School), Messrs. Marshall Macdermott, G. S. Walters, W. Barbey, J. Hart, F. Wicksteed, S. Stocks. Sir Henry Young, the lieutenant govenor was the chairman.


</doc>
<doc id="54798113" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798113" title="Albinea Madonna">
Albinea Madonna

The Albinea Madonna or Madonna of Albinea is a lost painting by <a href="Correggio">Correggio</a>. The best surviving copy is a 16th century one by <a href="Antonio%20Leto">Antonio Leto</a>, from the church of San Rocco in Reggio Emilia and now in the <a href="Galleria%20Nazionale%20di%20Parma">Galleria Nazionale di Parma</a>.

History.
There is much evidence for the commission on an "anchona" or altarpiece for the church of San Prospero, the parish church of <a href="Albinea">Albinea</a>, in the hills near <a href="Reggio%20Emilia">Reggio Emilia</a> - it is mentioned in a letter dated 12 May 1517 from its parish priest Giovanni Guidotti di Roncopò to Alessandro de' Malaguzzi. He found that much of the work on it was complete by that time and it was definitely completed 14 October 1519, when Correggio received his final payment for it. Another document dated 18 December that year mentions the "anchona de la nostra Dona d'Albinea" (the altarpiece of Our Lady at Albinea).

It was probably removed from its original location and replaced with a copy by <a href="Francesco%20I%20d%27Este">Francesco I d'Este</a>. It was given to the new Holy Roman Emperor <a href="Leopold%20I%2C%20Holy%20Roman%20Emperor">Leopold I</a> by <a href="Alfonso%20IV%20d%27Este">Alfonso IV d'Este</a> in 1657 and then vanished without trace.


</doc>
<doc id="54798118" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798118" title="Michael D. Curran">
Michael D. Curran

Michael D. Curran was a <a href="Democratic%20Party%20%28United%20States%29">Democratic</a> member of the <a href="Illinois%20House%20of%20Representatives">Illinois House of Representatives</a> from 1983-1995. He was born September 23, 1945 in <a href="Quincy%2C%20Illinois">Quincy, Illinois</a>. He earned a bachelors from the <a href="University%20of%20Illinois%20at%20Urbana%E2%80%93Champaign">University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign</a>. He retired from the Illinois House of Representatives to run for Mayor of Springfield, losing to <a href="Karen%20Hasara">Karen Hasara</a>. He and Vicki Mosley were the last two Democrats to represent Springfield in the <a href="Illinois%20General%20Assembly">Illinois General Assembly</a> until the election of <a href="Andy%20Manar">Andy Manar</a> and <a href="Sue%20Scherer">Sue Scherer</a> to the <a href="Illinois%20Senate">Illinois Senate</a> and Illinois House respectively. A year later, he ran for Congress in <a href="Illinois%27s%2018th%20congressional%20district">Illinois's 18th congressional district</a> losing to incumbent <a href="Ray%20LaHood">Ray LaHood</a>. In 2003, Curran was sentenced to a year in federal prison for abusing his position with the <a href="Illinois%20Secretary%20of%20State">Illinois Secretary of State</a>.


</doc>
<doc id="54798121" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798121" title="Ju-jitsu at the 2017 World Games">
Ju-jitsu at the 2017 World Games

The <a href="Ju-jitsu">Ju-jitsu</a> competition at the <a href="World%20Games%202017">World Games 2017</a> took place from July 28 to July 29, in <a href="Wroc%C5%82aw">Wrocław</a> in <a href="Poland">Poland</a>, at the GEM Sports Complex.

Participating nations.
128 competitors, from 41 nations, participated in the tournament.


</doc>
<doc id="54798126" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798126" title="Wrexham Hibernians">
Wrexham Hibernians

Wrexham <a href="Hibernia">Hibernians</a> were a short lived club who played in the <a href="Welsh%20Cup">Welsh Cup</a> during the <a href="1890%E2%80%9391%20Welsh%20Cup">1890-91</a> season. They were nicknamed the <a href="Irish%20people">Irishmen</a> and were made up of people from the Irish diaspora. They were first mentioned in 1889 and last appeared in the local press in 1891. They played their home games off Bradley Road, <a href="Wrexham">Wrexham</a>.


</doc>
<doc id="54798127" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798127" title="The Wedding Party">
The Wedding Party

The Wedding Party may refer to:



</doc>
<doc id="54798138" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798138" title="Mga Anak ni Facifica Falayfay">
Mga Anak ni Facifica Falayfay

Mga Anak Ni Facifica Falayfay (1987) follows the 1969 <a href="Facifica%20Falayfay">Facifica Falayfay</a> movie starring <a href="Dolphy">Dolphy</a>, adapted from <a href="Mars%20Ravelo">Mars Ravelo</a>’s lovable gay character in his series of superhero comics. After becoming a hit, viewers would want to know what happened to their favorite gay character, after straightening up and falling in love with Pilar. 

Plot.
Facifica had completely straighten up and had 3 sons with Pilar. Two of the sons were <a href="Dolphy">Dolphy</a>’s real sons <a href="Eric%20Quizon">Eric Quizon</a> and <a href="Rolly%20Quizon">Rolly Quizon</a>. The comic relief would be Rodrigo (<a href="Roderick%20Paulate">Roderick Paulate</a>), Facifica’s gay son that he tries to straighten up.

<a href="Zsa%20Zsa%20Padilla">Zsa Zsa Padilla</a> was also introduced in this movie, and was referred to as Pilar’s (<a href="Pilar%20Pilapil">Pilar Pilapil</a>) look-alike and his new leading lady. Padilla later became Dolphy’s real-life wife. The plot twist, however, is that Rodrigo finds out about his father’s past, that he was once gay, that Facifica refuses to admit. 


Reception.
Rodrigo did not become straight, and became gay as he pleases. Facifica learned to accept his son, and loved him for it.  


</doc>
<doc id="54798150" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798150" title="Shadi Mubarak Ho">
Shadi Mubarak Ho

Shadi Mubarak Ho is a <a href="Pakistani%20drama">Pakistani drama</a> series, directed by Wajahat Rauf and written by Yasir Hussain. It originally aired on <a href="Ary%20Digital">Ary Digital</a> at 8.p.m on Thursdays:



</doc>
<doc id="54798163" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798163" title="1933 in Malaya">
1933 in Malaya

1933 in Malaya.










</doc>
<doc id="54798167" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798167" title="Upland Baptist Church">
Upland Baptist Church

Upland Baptist Church is a <a href="Baptist">Baptist</a> <a href="Church%20%28building%29">church</a> built in 1851 in <a href="Upland%2C%20Pennsylvania">Upland Borough</a>, <a href="Delaware%20County%2C%20Pennsylvania">Delaware County</a>, <a href="Pennsylvania">Pennsylvania</a>, <a href="United%20States">United States</a>. 

History.
<a href="John%20Price%20Crozer">John Price Crozer</a>, a textile manufacturer and philanthropist from Upland, funded the construction of the church in 1851. Construction was completed and the church was dedicated in 1852.

Further improvements to the church were made in 1886 with the addition of a chapel, classrooms and a large recreation room.

Upland Baptist church established chapels at <a href="Crum%20Lynne%2C%20Pennsylvania">Leiperville</a> and Bridgewater and was involved in organizing the Village Green and South Chester churches.

On February 1, 1955 a fire caused severe damage to the chapel.

External links.
https://www.uplandbaptist.org


</doc>
<doc id="54798172" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798172" title="Midway, Meade County, Kentucky">
Midway, Meade County, Kentucky

Midway is an <a href="unincorporated%20community">unincorporated community</a> in <a href="Meade%20County%2C%20Kentucky">Meade County</a>, <a href="Kentucky">Kentucky</a>, <a href="United%20States">United States</a>.


</doc>
<doc id="54798174" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798174" title="Soy formula">
Soy formula

Soy formula is a substitute for human <a href="breast%20milk">breast milk</a>. It is a commercial product based upon the proteins found in soybeans. Soy infant formula uses processed soybeans as its source of protein and comes in powdered or liquid form. Usually lactose-free, soy infant formula contains a different sugar. Infants who are intolerant of cows’ milk protein may also be intolerant of soy protein. It differs from human breast milk in a number of ways. Soy protein inhibits the absorption of iron. The soy-based formulas discussed by the <a href="World%20Health%20Organization">World Health Organization</a> reports that soy formula is fortified with iron to compensate for this effect. One naturally occurring plant-based compound found in soy-based infant formula is phytic acid. It is also a strong inhibitor of iron absorption, though it can be removed in processing. It is not known how many manufacturers of soy-based formula incorporate this practice. China and Vietnam have regulated soy-based infant formulas to include NaFeEDTA (sodium-feric <a href="ethylenediaminetetraacetic%20acid">ethylenediaminetetraacetic acid</a>) to fortify the formula and enhance the absorption of iron by the infant. When iron compounds are added to soy-based infant formula, the iron compound is encapsulated to prevent it from making the formula dark.

Constituents.
Genetically modified ingredients may be present in soy-based infant formula. It may also be of lower nutritional value. Soy-based infant formula can have aluminum, phytates, and phytoestrogens (isoflavones) that might cause unanticipated effects. Other constituents are amino acids: such as taurine, methionine, and carnitine. Added minerals are phosphore, calcium, iron, and zinc. SIF also contains soy-isolate that supplies 95% of protein.

Indications.
Breastfeeding is still the best option for feeding infants. There are instances when breastfeeding is not possible and the use of formula is appropriate.

Indications for the use of soy-based infant formula are <a href="galactosaemia">galactosaemia</a> and <a href="lactase%20deficiency">lactase deficiency</a>. When a child develops an allergy to cow's milk, soy formula soy-based formula is used. SBF is less costly than other breast milk formula substitutes.

History.
Past reports of the effects of soy formula have suggested that a constituent of soy formula may affect reproductive functions. However, studies have shown that no correlation exists between the consumption of soy formula and abnormality in reproductive anatomy or function. Soy-based infant formula has been used for over the past 100 years. By late 1800s and the early 1900s, supplementation of breastfeeding with formula was acceptable. Soy-based formula was used as early as 1909.

Allergies and other concerns.
Soy-based infant formula is associated with <a href="Allergies%20in%20children">allergies in infants</a>. Chronic food protein-induced <a href="enterocolitis">enterocolitis</a> syndrome (FPIES) has been observed in infants aged younger than three months who were fed with soy formula. France has taken soy-based infant formula off the market. Soy-base formula accounts for about 20% of the infant formula purchased in the US. In New Zealand
formula use is around 10%, and in Belgium and the UK and about 5%.


</doc>
<doc id="54798185" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798185" title="Barrymore Madonna">
Barrymore Madonna

The Barrymore Madonna is a 1508-1510 painting by <a href="Antonio%20da%20Correggio">Antonio da Correggio</a>. It has been known since the 18th century, when it was probably in the collection of John Smith Barry (grandfather of <a href="Arthur%20Smith-Barry%2C%201st%20Baron%20Barrymore">Arthur Smith-Barry, 1st Baron Barrymore</a>) at <a href="Marbury%20Hall%2C%20Anderton%20with%20Marbury">Marbury Hall</a> near <a href="Northwich">Northwich</a> in <a href="Cheshire">Cheshire</a>, UK. His heirs auctioned it at <a href="Sothebys">Sotheby's</a> in London on 21 June 1933 as a work by <a href="Mantegna">Mantegna</a>, by whom the young Correggio was strongly influenced. At that auction, it was bought by the <a href="Duveen%20Brothers">Duveen Brothers</a>, who then sold it in March 1937 to <a href="Samuel%20Henry%20Kress">Samuel Henry Kress</a>, who gave it to the new <a href="National%20Gallery%20of%20Art">National Gallery of Art</a> in Washington, where it now hangs.

It was reattributed to Correggio by Corrado Ricci in 1930 and that attribution was accepted by <a href="Roberto%20Longhi">Roberto Longhi</a> in 1958 and <a href="Arturo%20Carlo%20Quintavalle">Arturo Carlo Quintavalle</a> in 1970. However, <a href="Cecil%20Gould">Cecil Gould</a> disagreed in 1976, quoting the inventories of the Kress collection in 1959, which still held it to be by Mantegna, and in 1968, which held it to be "circle of Mantegna, possibly Correggio".


</doc>
<doc id="54798202" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798202" title="1975 Toray Sillook Open">
1975 Toray Sillook Open

The 1975 Toray Sillook Open was a women's <a href="tennis">tennis</a> tournament played on indoor <a href="carpet%20court">carpet court</a>s in Tokyo and Osaka, Japan that was a non-tour event, independent of the <a href="1975%20WTA%20Tour">1975 WTA Tour</a>. It was the fourth edition of the tournament and was held from 16 September through 19 September 1975. The first round was played at the <a href="Yoyogi%20National%20Gymnasium">Yoyogi National Gymnasium</a> in Tokyo while the semifinals and final were held in Osaka. Second-seeded <a href="Margaret%20Court">Margaret Court</a> won the singles title and earned $16,000 first-prize money.

Finals.
Singles.
 <a href="Margaret%20Court">Margaret Court</a> defeated <a href="Evonne%20Goolagong">Evonne Goolagong</a> 6–7, 6–1, 7–5

Doubles.
 <a href="Margaret%20Court">Margaret Court</a> / <a href="Evonne%20Goolagong">Evonne Goolagong</a> defeated <a href="Helen%20Gourlay">Helen Gourlay</a> / <a href="Ann%20Kiyomura">Ann Kiyomura</a> 6–1, 7–5


</doc>
<doc id="54798239" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798239" title="Bangalore City–Shivamogga Town Intercity Express">
Bangalore City–Shivamogga Town Intercity Express

The 16201 / 02 Bangalore City - Shimoga Town Intercity Express is a <a href="Superfast/Mail%20Trains%20in%20India">Express</a> train belonging to <a href="Indian%20Railways">Indian Railways</a> <a href="South%20Western%20Railway%20zone">South Western Railway zone</a> that runs between and <a href="Shimoga">Shimoga Town</a> in <a href="India">India</a>.

It operates as train number 16201 from to <a href="Shimoga">Shimoga Town</a> and as train number 16202 in the reverse direction serving the states of <a href="Karnataka">Karnataka</a>.

Coaches.
The 16201 / 02 Bangalore City - Shimoga Town Intercity Express has one AC chair car, five Chair car, 14 general unreserved & two SLR (seating with luggage rake) coaches . It does not carry a <a href="Dining%20car">pantry car coach</a>.

As is customary with most train services in India, coach composition may be amended at the discretion of Indian Railways depending on demand.

Service.
The 16201 - <a href="Shimoga">Shimoga Town</a> Intercity Express covers the distance of in 5 hours 15 mins (52 km/hr) & in 5 hours 20 mins as the 16202 <a href="Shimoga">Shimoga Town</a> - Intercity Express (51 km/hr).

As the average speed of the train is lower than , as per railway rules, its fare doesn't includes a Superfast surcharge.

Routing.
The 16201 / 02 Bangalore City - Shimoga Town Intercity Express runs from via , to <a href="Shimoga">Shimoga Town</a>.

Traction.
As the route is going to electrfication, a based <a href="EMD%20GT46PAC">WDP-4</a> diesel locomotive pulls the train to its destination.



</doc>
<doc id="54798253" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798253" title="Premiere Speakers Bureau">
Premiere Speakers Bureau

Premiere Speakers Bureau is a company, founded in 1994, that represents many speakers, authors and communicators. It is located in Franklin, TN. As of August 2017, Premiere Speakers exclusively represents 65 thought leaders in addition to several hundred non-exclusive speakers.

Premiere's speakers range from inspirational story-tellers to military leaders to business leaders. And they have been described as one of the "top bureaus in the country." 

The bureau created a unique, short-interview feature to showcase many of their speakers. Their event partners can see short interviews showcasing a unique side of various speakers. The Premiere team has been praised for technology advances and a relational approach to service.

Premiere Speakers is a member of the International Association of Speakers Bureaus (IASB). Additionally, PSB is a member of ASAE, MPI and NACA.

The staff have been awarded various recognitions: 
Duane Ward, Founder - IASB Dottie Walters Helping Hand Award 
Shawn Hanks, CEO - IASB John Palmer Award 
Brian Lord, President - Nashville's Top 40 Under 40 

</doc>
<doc id="54798260" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798260" title="2017 Venezuelan coup d'état attempt">
2017 Venezuelan coup d'état attempt

There has been an attack on the military base near the city of Valencia in Venezuela by some solders and civilians. At least two people were dead by the soldiers.


</doc>
<doc id="54798270" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798270" title="Macteola chinoi">
Macteola chinoi

Macteola chinoi is a species of <a href="sea%20snail">sea snail</a>, a marine <a href="gastropod">gastropod</a> <a href="mollusk">mollusk</a> in the <a href="family%20%28biology%29">family</a> <a href="Mangeliidae">Mangeliidae</a>.

Description.
The length of the shell attains 7 mm.
Distribution.
This marine species occurs off the <a href="Philippines">Philippines</a>.




</doc>
<doc id="54798280" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798280" title="Integrated Air and Missile Defense">
Integrated Air and Missile Defense

The Integrated Air-and-Missile Defense system (IAMD)is an <a href="SMDC">SMDC</a> research program to augment the aging <a href="surface-to-air%20missile">surface-to-air missile</a> defense systems and to provide the <a href="United%20States%20Army">United States Army</a> with a low-cost, but effective complement to kinetic energy solutions to take out air threats. <a href="Brigade">Brigade</a> level higher energy lasers are used in truck mounted systems called <a href="HELMTT">HELMTT</a>. At lower levels, the Army needs to develop interceptors that don't cost more than small, unmanned aircraft systems. In early research they have successfully used 5-kilowatt lasers on a <a href="Stryker">Stryker</a> combat vehicle. The Mobile Expeditionary High-Energy Laser (<a href="MEHEL">MEHEL</a>) was used at <a href="MFIX">MFIX</a> at <a href="Fort%20Sill%2C%20Oklahoma">Fort Sill, Oklahoma</a>, in the first half of April, 2017. 


</doc>
<doc id="54798306" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798306" title="CONSELF">
CONSELF

CONSELF is a <a href="computer-aided%20engineering">computer-aided engineering</a> (CAE) platform used by engineers for design purposes. The platform, which highly relies on <a href="cloud%20computing">cloud computing</a>, is developed by CONSELF SRL since its first release in October 2015. In March 2016 a new release of the platform defined guided workflows for the users with focus on turbomachinery, fire scenarios and flows with dispersed solid particles.
Through the platform it is possible to run both <a href="Computational%20fluid%20dynamics">Computational Fluid Dynamics</a> and <a href="Finite%20Element%20Analysis">Finite Element Analysis</a>. Among the solvers and libraries used by CONSELF platform, a number of <a href="open%20source">open source</a> technologies are included, such as:


The accuracy of the application is guaranteed by a close cooperation with Italian universities and production of academic papers and research studies. Because of its level of innovation and thanks to the high number of industrial applications, the platform has been rewarded in Italy by national industrial association <a href="General_Confederation_of_Italian_Industry">CONFINDUSTRIA</a>.

Features.
The simulation platform is currently capable of running both CFD and FEA simulations, using hardware resources provided on a pay-per-use basis. Going into the details of the simulation capabilities and, considering the two major operative fields, CONSELF gives the following features:




File format.
CONSELF is currently able to interact with a number of 3D modelling generated file formats such as: <a href="ISO%2010303-21">STEP</a>, <a href="IGES">IGES</a>, <a href="STL%20%28file%20format%29">STL</a> formats. In addition, the geometry can be directly imported from their partner CAD platform, namely <a href="Onshape">Onshape</a>.
As output files CONSELF is 100% compatible with opensource viewer <a href="ParaView">ParaView</a>.


</doc>
<doc id="54798326" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798326" title="Khandaker Abdullah Jahangir">
Khandaker Abdullah Jahangir

Khandaker Abdullah Jahangir (1 February 1961 – 11 May 2016) was a prominent Islamic scholar and TV speaker from Bangladesh. He completed his Masters and PhD from <a href="Imam%20Muhammad%20ibn%20Saud%20Islamic%20University">Imam Muhammad ibn Saud Islamic University</a>. Jahangir was a professor of Hadith and Islamic studies at the <a href="Islamic%20University%2C%20Bangladesh">Islamic University, Bangladesh</a>. He died in a car accident on 11 May 2016.

Works.
1. A Woman From Desert (English) 1995. 
2. Guidance For Fasting (Bangla) 1997. 
3. Guidance For Fasting Muslims (English) 1997. 
4. Three Fundamentals of Islam (Bangla) 1997. 
5. A Summary of Three Fundamentals of Islam (English), 1997. 
6. Hizab in the Eye of a Japanese Woman (Bangla), 2000. 
7. Islamic Aqeedah in the Light of Quran & Sunnah (Bangla) 2000. 
8. Hizab In Islam (Bangla), 2000. 
9. Revival of Sunnah (Bangla), 2002. 
10. The Road To Friendship of Allah (Bangla) 2003. 
11. Islamic Course: Pillars of Islam & Supplications of the Prophet .. (Bangla) 2003. 
12. Takbeers of Salatul Eid According to Authentic Hadiths (Bangla) 2003. 
13. Ushar or Agro- Zakat: its Importance and Application in Bangladesh )Bangla) 2003. 
14. Call to the Way of Allah (Bangla) 2004. 
15. Fabrication in the name of Hadith (Bangla) 2005. 
16. Salat and Supplication (Bangla), 2005 
17. Militancy in the Name of Islam (Bangla), 2006 
18. Dress, Hizab and Tidiness in the Light of Quran & Sunnah (Bangla), 2007. 
19. Studies on Hadith Literature (Arabic), 2007 
20. Daily Supplications from Authentic Sunnah (Bangla), 2007 
21. Dress of the Prophet () and Islamic Dress-Code (Bangla), 2008. 
22. Islamic Sermons: Sermons of Jumua and Contemporary Issues (Bangla) 2008. 
23. Izharul Haq of Allama Rahmatullah Kiranawi, Bangla translation, 2008 
24. Musnad Ahmad, Bangla translation of first part, 2008. 
25. Mid-Shaban: Shab E Barat in the Light of Quran & Sunnah, Bangla, 2009. 
26. Al-Mauzuat of Abu Zafar Siddiqi of Furfura: An Analytical Study (Bangla), 2009. 
27. Sacrifice and Sacrificed in the Light of the Quran and the Bible (Bangla), 2010. 
28. Fiqhus Sunan Wal Athar by Mufti Amimul Ehsan, Bangla translation, 2012 
29. The Bible and the Christian Religion (Bangla), 2013 
30. Al-Fiqhul Akbar of Imam Abu Hanifa: Translation and Explanation (Bangla), 2014. 


</doc>
<doc id="54798329" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798329" title="Midway, Kentucky (disambiguation)">
Midway, Kentucky (disambiguation)

Midway is the name of the following places in the <a href="U.S.%20state">U.S. state</a> of <a href="Kentucky">Kentucky</a>:




</doc>
<doc id="54798341" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798341" title="1927 KBUs Pokalturnering">
1927 KBUs Pokalturnering

The 1927 KBUs Pokalturnering (Unofficial English translation: 1927 Copenhagen Cup) was the 18th edition of the regional tournament, <a href="KBUs%20Pokalturnering">KBUs Pokalturnering</a>, the highest senior cup competition organized by the regional football organization <a href="DBU%20Copenhagen">Copenhagen FA</a> (KBU). The tournament was held in the fall of 1927 with <a href="Boldklubben%20af%201893">B.93</a> as the defending cup champions. <a href="Boldklubben%20Frem">BK Frem</a> won the 1927 edition by defeating the previous season's cup champions, <a href="Boldklubben%20af%201893">B.93</a>, 3–2 in the final after 3–0 lead after the first half and an overall even match played at <a href="K%C3%B8benhavns%20Idr%C3%A6tspark">Københavns Idrætspark</a> on 6 November 1927, which was the BK Frem's second championship in the tournament after seven appearances in the final. The 8 participants in the tournament included the six members of the <a href="1926%E2%80%9327%20KBUs%20Mesterskabsr%C3%A6kke">1926–27 KBUs Mesterskabsrække</a> and the two highest placed teams from the <a href="1926%E2%80%9327%20KBUs%20A-r%C3%A6kke">1926–27 KBUs A-række</a>. The winners, <a href="Handelsstandens%20Boldklub">Handelsstandens BK</a>, of the <a href="1926%E2%80%9327%20KBUs%20A-r%C3%A6kke">1926–27 KBUs A-række</a>, the second tier league under <a href="DBU%20Copenhagen">Kjøbenhavns Boldspil-Union</a>, managed to reach the second round by defeating the runners-up of the Copenhagen second level league, <a href="%C3%98sterbros%20Boldklub">Østerbros BK</a>, before eventually being eliminated by <a href="%C3%98sterbro">Østerbro</a>-based <a href="Boldklubben%20af%201893">B.93</a>. The 1st round cup match between <a href="%C3%98sterbros%20Boldklub">Østerbros BK</a> and <a href="Handelsstandens%20Boldklub">Handelsstandens BK</a> at <a href="K%C3%B8benhavns%20Idr%C3%A6tspark">Københavns Idrætspark</a> ("Idrætsparkens Fodboldbane"), for the first time in Danish football, featured numbers (1–22) on back of both team's players, meant as a service for the spectators.

Matches.
Cup Final.
"BK Frem won the Final of the KBUs Pokalturnering and was crowned KBU pokalmestre (Copenhagen Cup Champions)."


</doc>
<doc id="54798348" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798348" title="Edouard Machery">
Edouard Machery

Edouard Machery is a <a href="professor">professor</a> at the <a href="University%20of%20Pittsburgh">University of Pittsburgh</a>. 

Early life and education.
Edouard Machery did a <a href="Ph.D.">Ph.D.</a> in <a href="philosophy">philosophy</a> at the <a href="Universit%C3%A9%20de%20Paris-Sorbonne">Université de Paris-Sorbonne</a> in 2004.

Career and works.
The research works of Edouard Machery are in <a href="philosophy">philosophy</a> and <a href="cognitive%20science">cognitive science</a> especially about <a href="concept">concept</a>s. According to his <a href="theory">theory</a>, the notion of concept is ill-suited for a scientific [[psychology. Therefore, he criticizes the neo-empiricist accounts of concepts. He has also worked on the experimental psychology, with a special focus on external validity and statistics. He has also worked on the theories of human cognition. 

His works are on various topics, including the processes as [[categorization]] and [[concept]] [[learning]]. The experimental philosophy is another topic on which he has worked. He has used experimental and quasi-experimental methods in order to determine the characteristics of intuition and folk judgments about intentional action.




Esternal links.
[[Category:American philosophers]]
[[Category:20th-century philosophers]]


</doc>
<doc id="54798368" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798368" title="New British Union">
New British Union

The New British Union ("NBU" for short) is a <a href="British%20Fascism">British Fascist</a> organization which describes itself as the successor to the <a href="Union%20Movement">Union Movement</a>. Like <a href="British%20Union%20of%20Fascists">British Union of Fascists</a> and the <a href="Union%20Movement">Union Movement</a>, they use the <a href="Nazi%20salute">Nazi salute</a> and other fascist aesthetics. <a href="Gary%20Raikes">Gary Raikes</a>, their leader, was a member of the <a href="British%20National%20Party">British National Party</a> and then <a href="Britain%20First">Britain First</a>. He is based in <a href="Aberdeen">Aberdeen</a>, <a href="Scotland">Scotland</a>.


</doc>
<doc id="54798372" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798372" title="Jäniskoski-Niskakoski territory">
Jäniskoski-Niskakoski territory

The Jäniskoski-Niskakoski area is a 176 square kilometer area in Russian <a href="S%C3%A1pmi">Lapland</a>, east of <a href="Lake%20Inari">Lake Inari</a>, along the <a href="Paatsjoki">Paatsjoki River</a>. Finland sold the area to the <a href="Soviet%20Union">Soviet Union</a> on 18 April 1947due to the <a href="Paatsjoki%20River%20Hydroelectric%20Plants">Jäniskoski hydroelectric plant</a> in the area and the Niskakoski <a href="reservoir">reservoir</a>. The Jäniskoski-Niskakoski area was not part of the Soviet Union's original territorial requirements.

In order to secure the electricity supply of the <a href="nickel%20mine">nickel mine</a> in <a href="Pechenga%20%28urban-type%20settlement%29%2C%20Murmansk%20Oblast">Petsamo</a>, Finland agreed to give up the area of Jäniskoski-Niskakoski. The previous power plant had been destroyed in the war, and it was considered that Finland could not afford rebuilding it at that time. The area was annexed to the German Accounts Payments Agreement and was estimated at 700 million <a href="Finnish%20markka">Finnish marks</a>.

Earlier, while the area belonged to Finland, it was part of the <a href="Inari%2C%20Finland">Inari municipality</a>. Now the area belongs to the <a href="Nikel">Nikel</a> district of the <a href="Pechengsky%20District">Petsamo district</a>.

The Jäniskoski power plant will cause a four-meter level change in Inarinjärvi


</doc>
<doc id="54798406" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798406" title="Convention on Certain Questions Relating to the Conflict of Nationality Laws">
Convention on Certain Questions Relating to the Conflict of Nationality Laws

Creating Convention on Certain Questions Relating to the Conflict of Nationality Laws was a <a href="League%20of%20Nations">League of Nations</a> convention adopted during the <a href="League%20of%20Nations%20Codification%20Conference%2C%201930">League of Nations Codification Conference, 1930</a> in <a href="The%20Hague">The Hague</a>.

General principles.
The first article states that it is up to every state to set its own <a href="nationality%20law">nationality law</a>s, but that that power is limited:



</doc>
<doc id="54798409" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798409" title="Macteola anomala">
Macteola anomala

Macteola anomala is a species of <a href="sea%20snail">sea snail</a>, a marine <a href="gastropod">gastropod</a> <a href="mollusk">mollusk</a> in the <a href="family%20%28biology%29">family</a> <a href="Mangeliidae">Mangeliidae</a>.

Description.
The length of the shell varies between 8 mm and 12 mm.

The shell is rather solid. It is light brown, with a darker, black-spotted median band, and undulating longitudinal stripes, which are more prominent near the base of the <a href="body%20whorl">body whorl</a>. 

In fresh specimens a delicate grain <a href="Sculpture%20%28mollusc%29">sculpture</a> is visible under the lens. The colour varies. There may be only a peripheral row of separate intercostal brown spots, or beneath these there may run a continuous orange zone, anterior to which the shell may be faintly suffused with pink. 

Distribution.
This marine species is <a href="endemic">endemic</a> to Australia and occurs off <a href="New%20South%20Wales">New South Wales</a>, <a href="South%20Australia">South Australia</a>, <a href="Tasmania">Tasmania</a>, <a href="Victoria%20%28Australia%29">Victoria</a> and <a href="Western%20Australia">Western Australia</a>.




</doc>
<doc id="54798416" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798416" title="Cookstown Youth F.C.">
Cookstown Youth F.C.

Cookstown Youth Football Club is an <a href="Northern%20Ireland%20football%20league%20system%23Intermediate">intermediate-level</a> football club from <a href="Cookstown">Cookstown</a>, <a href="County%20Tyrone">County Tyrone</a>, in <a href="Northern%20Ireland">Northern Ireland</a>, playing in the Intermediate Division of the <a href="Ballymena%20%26amp%3B%20Provincial%20Football%20League">Ballymena & Provincial League</a>. The club was formed in 1991.. It has a number of under-age teams and a senior team. The club plays in the <a href="Irish%20Cup">Irish Cup</a>.



</doc>
<doc id="54798425" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798425" title="En présence de Schopenhauer">
En présence de Schopenhauer

En présence de Schopenhauer ("in Schopenhauer's presence") is a 2017 book by the French writer <a href="Michel%20Houellebecq">Michel Houellebecq</a>. It is a personal reflection on the German philosopher <a href="Arthur%20Schopenhauer">Arthur Schopenhauer</a> and the impact he has had on Houellebecq.

Synopsis.
Houellebecq recounts how he as a 25-year-old came across a copy of Schopenhauer's "Aphorisms". Houellebecq became enthralled within minutes and hunted down the philosopher's major work, "<a href="The%20World%20as%20Will%20and%20Representation">The World as Will and Representation</a>". Although a "disappointed enthusiast" for the <a href="positivism">positivism</a> of <a href="Auguste%20Comte">Auguste Comte</a>, it is in Schopenhauer's philosophy he finds consolation.

Reception.
<a href="France%20Culture">France Culture</a>'s Géraldine Mosna-Savoye wrote that "Houellebecq turns himself into a formidable commentator", and that it would be a mistake to try to read the book as "a clarification of [Houellebecq's] writings". The critic argued that the book should be read only as a confrontation with Schopenhauer's philosophy, and as such manages to make it "both present and current". Joseph Hanimann of the "<a href="S%C3%BCddeutsche%20Zeitung">Süddeutsche Zeitung</a>" wrote that "Houellebecq's Schopenhauer commentaries offer an as thorough as original reading". Hanimann was particularly fascinated by Houellebecq's defense of <a href="eroticism">eroticism</a> as a viable part of art, which is in conflict with Schopenhauer's view, and wrote that "it's just a pity that he doesn't go further into such paradoxes".



</doc>
<doc id="54798438" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798438" title="Delias nieuwenhuisi">
Delias nieuwenhuisi

Delias nieuwenhuisi is a <a href="butterfly">butterfly</a> in the <a href="Pieridae">Pieridae</a> family. It was described by Henricus Jacobus Gerardus van Mastrigt in 1990. It is <a href="Endemism">endemic</a> to <a href="New%20Guinea">New Guinea</a>.

The <a href="wingspan">wingspan</a> is about 38 mm. Adults are similar to "<a href="Delias%20leucias">Delias leucias</a>", but may be distinguished by the considerably enlarged cream patch on the underside of the hindwings.


 


</doc>
<doc id="54798440" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798440" title="Gilbert Heathcote (priest)">
Gilbert Heathcote (priest)

<a href="The%20Venerable">The Ven</a> Gilbert Heathcote , <a href="Master%20of%20Arts%20%28Oxbridge%20and%20Dublin%29">MA</a> (1775 – 1829) was <a href="Archdeacon%20of%20Winchester">Archdeacon of Winchester</a> from 1814 until his death.

A younger son of <a href="Heathcote%20baronets">Sir Thomas Heathcote, 2nd Baronet (of Hursley)</a> he was educated at <a href="Winchester%20College">Winchester College</a> and <a href="New%20College%2C%20Oxford">New College, Oxford</a>. He held livings at <a href="Hursley">Hursley</a> and <a href="Andover%2C%20Hampshire">Andover</a>; and was appointed <a href="Treasurer">Treasurer</a> of <a href="Wells%20Cathedral">Wells</a> in 1814.

He died on 19 October 1929. Two of his sons became Anglican clergymen.


</doc>
<doc id="54798441" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798441" title="Cookstown Royal British Legion F.C.">
Cookstown Royal British Legion F.C.

Cookstown Royal British Legion Football Club (Cookstown RBL) is an <a href="Northern%20Ireland%20football%20league%20system%23Intermediate">intermediate-level</a> football club from <a href="Cookstown">Cookstown</a>, <a href="County%20Tyrone">County Tyrone</a>, in <a href="Northern%20Ireland">Northern Ireland</a>, playing in the Intermediate Division of the <a href="Ballymena%20%26amp%3B%20Provincial%20Football%20League">Ballymena & Provincial League</a>. The club is connected to the <a href="Royal%20British%20Legion">Royal British Legion</a> branch in the town. The club plays in the <a href="Irish%20Cup">Irish Cup</a>.



</doc>
<doc id="54798448" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798448" title="Mubarak Ho Beti Hui Hai">
Mubarak Ho Beti Hui Hai

Mubarak Ho Beti Hui Hai is a <a href="Pakistani%20drama">Pakistani drama</a> series, directed by Badar Mehmood and written by Faiza Iftikhar. It airs on <a href="Ary%20Digital">Ary Digital</a> every Wednesday at 8 p.m.:


External links.
 

</doc>
<doc id="54798464" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798464" title="Doğan Kabak">
Doğan Kabak

Doğan Kabak (born 11 September 1967) is a Turkish rally driver.

He was born at 1980. In Turkey at the moment he'is the publisher of TopGearTurkey and Health & Fitness magazines. Before that, he did editor chief at AutoCar and EVO magazine. In the same time he attended a lot Rally and Track races and he have degrees.

He take the first place at, class 7 at 2014 Turkey Autocross championship with Mitsubishi EVO VIII.

He represented Turkey at Maxda mx-5 open race that happened at Italy in 2009.


</doc>
<doc id="54798481" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798481" title="Facklamia hominis">
Facklamia hominis

Facklamia hominis is a <a href="Gram-positive">Gram-positive</a> and <a href="Anaerobic%20organism">anaerobic</a> bacteria from the family of "<a href="Facklamia">Facklamia</a>" which has been isolated from humans.


</doc>
<doc id="54798483" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798483" title="Talaguppa–Mysore Intercity Express">
Talaguppa–Mysore Intercity Express

The 16205 / 06 Talaguppa - Mysore Junction Intercity Express is a <a href="Superfast/Mail%20Trains%20in%20India">Express</a> train belonging to <a href="Indian%20Railways">Indian Railways</a> <a href="South%20Western%20Railway%20zone">South Western Railway zone</a> that runs between <a href="Talaguppa">Talaguppa</a> and in <a href="India">India</a>.

It operates as train number 16205 from <a href="Talaguppa">Talaguppa</a> to and as train number 16206 in the reverse direction serving the states of <a href="Karnataka">Karnataka</a>.

Coaches.
The 16205 / 06 Talaguppa - Mysore Junction Intercity Express has one AC chair car, five Chair car, 14 general unreserved & two SLR (seating with luggage rake) coaches . It does not carry a <a href="Dining%20car">pantry car coach</a>.

As is customary with most train services in India, coach composition may be amended at the discretion of Indian Railways depending on demand.

Service.
The 16205 <a href="Talaguppa">Talaguppa</a> - Intercity Express covers the distance of in 7 hours 45 mins (48 km/hr) & in 7 hours 30 mins as the 16206 - <a href="Talaguppa">Talaguppa</a> Intercity Express (50 km/hr).

As the average speed of the train is lower than , as per railway rules, its fare doesn't includes a Superfast surcharge.

Routing.
The 16205 / 06 Talaguppa - Mysore Junction Intercity Express runs from <a href="Talaguppa">Talaguppa</a> via to .

Traction.
As the route is going to electrfication, a based <a href="ALCO%20DL510C">WDM-3D</a> diesel locomotive pulls the train to its destination.



</doc>
<doc id="54798492" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798492" title="Morris Big Six">
Morris Big Six

Morris Big Six is a range of <a href="automobile">motor cars</a> that was produced by <a href="Morris%20Motors">Morris</a> of the <a href="United%20Kingdom">United Kingdom</a> from 1935 to 1939. The first models are sometimes referred to as the Big Six Series II, and the last Morris Twenty-Five, after upgrading to an overhead-valve engine, as the Big Six Series III.

They were the successors to the <a href="Morris%20Oxford%20Six%23Oxford%20Sixteen%20and%20Oxford%20Twenty%201934%E2%80%9335">Morris Oxford Six</a> range, which comprised the Morris Sixteen and Morris Twenty by the time of its cessation in 1935, and the original <a href="Morris%20Isis">Morris Isis</a> (which briefly grew into what would retrospectively be thought of as the Big Six Series I).

The largest Morris models, the Big Sixes were produced with 4-door saloon and, optionally for some models, 2-door coupé bodies.

Models.
The range was announced on 2nd July 1935. Production of most ended in 1937, with the Twenty-Five continuing through an update in 1938, until the end of production in 1939.

All models had a single plate cork insert clutch, running in oil, with a spring hub. All had a 3-speed gearbox except some Eighteens — those that had the QSHM rather than QJ engine featured a 4-speed.

There was no direct successor during the war years. The next comparable Morris was the <a href="Morris%20Six%20MS">Morris Six MS</a> of 1948.

Morris Sixteen.
Available as a 4-door saloon, the Sixteen had a Morris QH engine the same size as its predecessor, at 2062cc. It achieved 15.94 hp (RAC hp). It had semi-elliptic leaf-spring suspension.

Morris Eighteen.
The Eighteen differed from the Sixteen in having a larger bore than its predecessor and a displacement of 2288cc. Engines were either QJ (with a 3-speed gearbox), or QSHM (with the only 4-speed of the Big Sixes). It made 17.7 hp (RAC hp). It could achieve a top speed of 107 km/h.

Morris Twenty-One.
The Twenty-One, available as a 4-door saloon, had a Morris OJ engine displacing 2916cc and achieving 20.92hp (RAC hp).

Morris Twenty-Five.
Available as a 4-door saloon and a striking 2-door "Doctor's Coupé", the Twenty-Five "Series II" had a Morris OK side-valve engine displacing 3485cc, and giving 25.01 hp (RAC hp).

The Twenty-Five "Series III" had a new over-head valve Morris OPEM engine, still displacing 3485cc and rated at 25 hp. The model is distinguished by a small number of cosmetic changes including a painted, rather than chromed, radiator cowl.

It had a top speed of 123 km/h.

References.
Footnotes


</doc>
<doc id="54798496" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798496" title="Death in Rome">
Death in Rome

Death in Rome () is a <a href="1954%20in%20literature">1954</a> <a href="German%20literature">German</a> <a href="novel">novel</a> by <a href="Wolfgang%20Koeppen">Wolfgang Koeppen</a>, who belonged to the literary generation of <a href="West%20Germany">West Germany</a> which had to revive the devastated cultural landscape after twelve years of the "brown plague" and the ruin of the war, and, was one of the first artists to embroider the new social and political realities of the country when the wave of chauvinistic and revanchist psychosis broke out. An exploration of themes associated with the Holocaust, German guilt, conflict between generations, and, the silencing of the past, it is, after ' (, <a href="1951%20in%20literature">1951</a>, which recreates a typical day in <a href="Munich">Munich</a> in 1948) and ' (, <a href="1953%20in%20literature">1953</a>, which deals with the corruption of the Bonn government), the third work of the so-called "Trilogy of Failure" (), about postwar life in West Germany, with which Koeppen established himself as an important figure in German post-war literature. It opens with a quotation from <a href="Dante%20Alighieri">Dante Alighieri</a>'s "<a href="Inferno%20%28Dante%29">Inferno</a>": "Il mal seme d'Adamo", followed by the last sentence from "Death in Venice": "Und noch desselben Tages empfing eine respektvoll erschütterte Welt die Nachricht von seinem Tode".

Synopsis.
The novel, which contains the worst accusations against German militarism, and, reveals the dangerous influence of <a href="fascism">fascist</a> ideology on certain social strata in West Germany, warns and prophesies. It deals with the careers of former <a href="Nazism">National Socialists</a> after <a href="World%20War%20II">World War II</a>. Against the backdrop of <a href="Rome">Rome</a>, which assumes the function of a metaphor and at the same time is a specific decor of the events described, as, its ancient monuments predispose to reflection on the fate of the world, the nature of good and evil, war and peace, past and future, wealth and poverty, and, justice and social oppression, victims and perpetrators from the time of National Socialism meet during the post-war period. In a kind of literary choreography, the author composes new groups of figures from the members of two families and their surrounding environment in several parallel lines of action. In an artistic network of dialogues and inner monologues, the present is problematized and the past uncovered. The characters show the opportunism and the adaptability of the followers, as well as the unbroken violence of the perpetrators, like the torn-upness and escapism of the next generation. The background is the still unsolved problem of overcoming the National Socialist past in the time of the "<a href="Wirtschaftswunder">Wirtschaftswunder</a>". The novel has a peculiar connection with <a href="Thomas%20Mann">Thomas Mann</a>'s "<a href="Death%20in%20Venice">Death in Venice</a>" (, <a href="1912%20in%20literature">1912</a>), most notably by addressing the problems of artistic creativity against the background of moral decay. Stylistically, "Death in Rome" is similar to the other two novels of Wolfgang Koeppen. Here, too, the writer manifests himself as the master of the metaphorically rich, richly associative prose. Koeppen uses, with great skill, the stylistic means of cinema – the installation, the constant change of view and the distance to the depicted event, and, the simultaneous performance of the action. The epic narrative is coupled with the internal monologue of the characters, which, according to the writer, "best suits our perception, our consciousness, and, our bitter experience." The author presents himself with his novel "Death in Rome" as a politically- and socially-engaged writer. In his speech, given in 1962, when he received the <a href="Georg%20B%C3%BCchner%20Prize">Georg Büchner Prize</a>, he stated: "I saw the poet, the writer of those who were rejected by the public, I saw him as suffering and sympathetic to the alien grief. Later, I heard about engaging literature, and, it struck me that something of a self-worth, something like breathing, wants to make an artistic stance or a fashion." He never advocated a certain ideology or political program. His works are the words he puts in the mouth of one of the heroes of the novel "Death in Rome": "I ask questions, yet, I do not know the answer, I cannot answer." Koeppen called his works "a monologue attempt against the world." However, by virtue of a particular paradox, his protest against existence is also a plea for new, more humane form of life. It for this reason that he was called, by <a href="Alfred%20Andersch">Alfred Andersch</a>, a "humanistic pessimist." And this hidden humanistic pathos outside the resignation inspires a lasting literary life, and, the novel "Death in Rome". Koeppen said of his novel: "We all live with politics, we are all its subjects or even victims of it. How can the writer behave like the ostrich, and, who, if not the writer, must take on the role of <a href="Cassandra">Cassandra</a> in our society?"

Characters.
One of the main characters is a Nazi criminal, General Gottlieb Judejahn of the "<a href="Schutzstaffel">Schutzstaffel</a>" and the "<a href="Freikorps">Freikorps</a>". He was sentenced "in absentia" to death at the <a href="Nuremberg%20trials">Nuremberg trials</a>, yet, has escaped retribution. He is a professional executioner, he embodies all the misdeeds, the whole barbarity of fascism. Judejahn is still convinced that he did the right thing by killing and destroying people. With sadistic delight, he recalls the images of his victims in memory – in these memories he finds refuge when he is unhappy with his present life. Judejahn believes he is a hero, bearer of all German virtues, the embodiment of the duty fulfilled to the "deity of power" <a href="Adolf%20Hitler">Adolf Hitler</a>. He escaped to an Arab country whose military he is trying to build up in order to defeat <a href="Israel">Israel</a>. He is in Rome to buy weapons and to meet members of his family, including his wife, Eva. His wife, Eva, is portrayed as some "<a href="Nordic%20race">Nordic</a> <a href="Erinyes">Erinye</a>," dreaming of the revival of the Third Reich, the triumph of the "millennial empire," and, the German domination over the world. Even her husband, whom she blindly worshiped, prefers to socialize with the "fallen heroes," with the "martyrs" of Nazism, not with the survivors, however, they have lost their power and majesty. The meeting between the two husbands, between the two Nazi monsters, was conveyed by the writer with extraordinary power and artistic impetus. 

Their son, Adolf, has replaced the SS with the cassock. With the collapse of the fascist myth, he lost all sorts of omnipresent stands and sought support and salvation in the <a href="Catholic%20Church">Catholic Church</a>. Fearing to make any personal decisions, he tries to rise above all parties and fronts in the name of "all-human tolerance." Still, the young man cannot free himself from the thought that the Church has been linked to fascist doctrine, and, has, in fact, been supporting this "assassin gang." Both Gottlieb and Adolf pursue a Jewish barmaid named Laura who works in a gay bar, and, Gottlieb eventually rapes her. 

Another significant character in the novel is the kinsman of the <a href="Essen">Essen</a> general, Friedrich Wilhelm Pfaffrath. He is, at first glance, a distinctly orderly person. Although he was once a president and manager of large Nazi properties, although he was part of the German bourgeoisie who unconditionally assumed Hitler's authority, he is now a high-ranking public official – he was elected the first mayor and head of his town. There are many people like him, they have penetrated to all the corners of the <a href="Bonn">Bonn</a> state apparatus, occupying leadership positions, they redefine the destiny of the country. Pfaffrath is real, devoid of demonism, yet, no less ominous than Judejahn. He is filled with the desire to help the former hangmen return to the Federal Republic with impunity, to integrate into the Bonn political system. Pfaffrath believes that the West German society is mature enough to accept the "prodigal son" who has escaped the gallows. Thus, Pfaffrath embodies the vitality of nationalism in the country. Eva's sister, Anna, is married to Friedrich Pfaffrath.

The inescapableness of his stratum is confirmed by the image of the youngest member of his family – the law student Dietrich Pfaffrath. He is a promising careerist who does not worry about moral problems or thoughts about his father's fascist past. Even Judejahn does not interfere with his life – the calculating Dietrich well appreciated that it is not far off the time when his kinship with the former general may be honorable and profitable. Koeppen has conceived the image of Dietrich as a symbol of the resurgent loyalty, which finds its roots in order, the state, and, the mighty power.

Opposed to all these bright negative images, the writer opposes a hero, who can be called the chief one, mostly because he carries some autobiographical traits. The composer Siegfried Pfaffrath, a homosexual and pederast who frequents boy prostitutes, lives after the end of the war in Rome to distance himself from his German relatives and leave behind his father's house. He seeks to express his worldview and musicality by using <a href="Arnold%20Schoenberg">Arnold Schoenberg</a>'s <a href="twelve-tone%20technique">twelve-tone technique</a>, blasted in the Third Reich. Siegfried loves Rome because he feels alien here. However, he is infinitely lonely and constantly lives on the brink of despair. This is his gut feeling that fills his music. He composed works, deliberately deprived of harmony, expressing his image of the world over which he has overcome the danger of an irreparable crash. For Siegfried, music is an expression of the horror of man in the era of gas chambers and mass murders. His works are a "rebellion against the surrounding reality," against his fatherland, against the war, for whom people like his parents are responsible.

Ilse Kürenberg, wife of the world-renowned conductor, Kürenberg, who presents the first symphony of Siegfried in front of the audience, perceives the dissonant work as a "no-goal search,", conquered by despair. However, she cannot explain whether Siegfried is desperate because he cannot find a way to a meaningful life, or, even if his despair hinders him all the way. And, the conductor, who feels the artist's dissatisfaction with his work, protects him from the danger of closing himself in an "ivory tower" because of the world's disappointment. Siegfried's music is a mockery of the eloquent taste of the self-styled patrons and connoisseurs of art who occupy the ground floor of the concert hall. He dreams of understanding and accepting the young people, the workers, and, the students to whom the future belongs. However, at the concert, the gallery does not accept the composer – it does not perceive in his symphony a resonance of life. This music reflects the tragedy of a talented artist who is unable to break the limits of the denial and develop constructive ideas. Siegfried, although receiving a prize at a modern music competition, is unhappy with the result – he does not applaud his symphony, only the rich snobs from the ground floor do so. And the young composer places great hopes on the music – maybe it is judged "with time to contribute to great changes." Ilse, who is <a href="Jews">Jewish</a>, survived <a href="the%20Holocaust">the Holocaust</a> as she and her <a href="Gentile">Gentile</a> husband could afford to live outside <a href="Germany">Germany</a> during the war. Siegfried and Adolf are representatives of the generation of sons who do not want to inherit their fathers, and every succession – both the composer and the cleric – seeks new goals and a new meaning for their lives. Both know the exalted suffering of loneliness. From this loneliness Siegfried finds a way out of Rome and leaves for <a href="Africa">Africa</a>. He hopes to return from there to <a href="New%20York%20City">New York City</a>, with a "black symphony" – a symbol of commitment to the inborn problems of mankind. Gottlieb shoots and kills Ilse, whose father had been victimized by the Nazis, at the novel's end, before suffering a heart attack

Influence.
In 's <a href="2009%20in%20film">2009</a> film, "<a href="Melancholie%20der%20Engel">Melancholie der Engel</a>", a dying man, Katze, is shown reading the book, and, upon dying, is buried with it.




</doc>
<doc id="54798499" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798499" title="Wang Jiong (politician)">
Wang Jiong (politician)

Wang Jiong (; born September 1964) is a Chinese politician, and current <a href="Deputy%20Communist%20Party%20Secretary">Deputy Communist Party Secretary</a> of Henan province.

Wang was born in <a href="Huaibin%20County">Huaibin County</a>, Henan. He studied at the Wuhan Steel College (later <a href="Wuhan%20University%20of%20Science%20and%20Technology">Wuhan University of Science and Technology</a>). He joined the Communist Party of China in November 1984, and began work in July 1985. After graduating, he was assigned to work as a cold mill technician at <a href="Wuhan%20Steel">Wuhan Steel</a>, a large state-owned enterprise. He rose through the ranks at the steel mill, being put in charge of production, then quality control. Eventually he ascended to administrative roles, heading the cold roll sheet factory, then deputy general manager, then party chief of Wuhan Iron and Steel Corporation. He also obtained a master's degree in management science and engineering from <a href="Wuhan%20University%20of%20Technology">Wuhan University of Technology</a>; he also qualified as a senior engineer.

Chosen for further promotion, Wang was transferred to Beijing in October 2008 as the Vice Chairman of the <a href="All-China%20Federation%20of%20Trade%20Unions">All-China Federation of Trade Unions</a>, and a secretary of its secretariat. In August 2011, he was made a member of the Anhui <a href="provincial%20party%20standing%20committee">provincial party standing committee</a> and head of the provincial organization department. In August 2014, he was transferred to the same position in Jiangsu province. In May 2017, he was promoted to deputy party secretary of his home province of Henan.


</doc>
<doc id="54798502" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798502" title="Jerry M. Chow">
Jerry M. Chow

Jerry M. Chow is a <a href="physicist">physicist</a> who conducts research in <a href="quantum%20information%20processing">quantum information processing</a>. He has worked as the manager of the Experimental Quantum Computing group at the <a href="IBM">IBM</a> <a href="Thomas%20J.%20Watson%20Research%20Center">Thomas J. Watson Research Center</a> in <a href="Yorktown%20Heights%2C%20New%20York">Yorktown Heights, New York</a> since 2014 and is the primary investigator of the IBM team for the <a href="IARPA">IARPA</a> "Multi-Qubit Coherent Operations" and "Logical Qubits" programs. After graduating <a href="magna%20cum%20laude">magna cum laude</a> with a <a href="B.A.">B.A.</a> in physics and <a href="M.S.">M.S.</a> in applied mathematics from <a href="Harvard%20University">Harvard University</a>, he went on to earn his <a href="Ph.D.">Ph.D.</a> in 2010 under <a href="Robert%20J.%20Schoelkopf">Robert J. Schoelkopf</a> at <a href="Yale%20University">Yale University</a>. While at Yale, he participated in experiments in which <a href="superconducting%20qubits">superconducting qubits</a> were <a href="Coupling%20%28physics%29">coupled</a> via a <a href="microwave%20cavity">cavity</a> <a href="Quantum%20bus">bus</a> for the first time and two-<a href="qubit">qubit</a> algorithms were executed on a superconducting quantum processor.

His work at IBM has led to the publication of findings related to the characterization of a universal set of all-<a href="microwave">microwave</a> gates that can be executed on two <a href="transmon">transmon</a> qubits, as well as the implementation of a subsection of a <a href="surface%20code">surface code</a> <a href="fault-tolerant">fault-tolerant</a> <a href="superconducting">superconducting</a> quantum computing architecture. His leadership at IBM has led to progress being made in <a href="quantum%20error%20correction">quantum error correction</a> and <a href="quantum%20machine%20learning">quantum machine learning</a>, as well as the release of the <a href="Cloud%20computing">cloud</a>-based <a href="IBM%20Quantum%20Experience">IBM Quantum Experience</a>.



</doc>
<doc id="54798511" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798511" title="Ala Zoghlami">
Ala Zoghlami

Ala Zoghlami (born 19 June 1994) is an <a href="Italy">Italian</a> born <a href="Tunisia">Tunisia</a>n male <a href="Middle-distance%20running">middle-distance runner</a> an <a href="3000%20metres%20steeplechase">steeplechaser</a>. He has a twin, also athlete, named .

Biography.
Obtained the <a href="IAAF">IAAF</a> standard for participating in the <a href="2017%20World%20Championships%20in%20Athletics">2017 World Championships</a>, in the <a href="quarter-finals">quarter-finals</a> of the events he sets his <a href="Athletics%20abbreviations%23Bests">personal best</a>, resulting in the first of the missed for the <a href="semi-finals">semi-finals</a> for only 32 cents a second.





</doc>
<doc id="54798552" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798552" title="Ahmed Magdy (actor)">
Ahmed Magdy (actor)

Ahmed Magdy (born 4 May 1986) is an <a href="Egypt">Egypt</a>ian-<a href="Algeria">Algeria</a>n actor and director.

Early life.
Born in <a href="Egypt">Egypt</a>, in 1986, Magdy's paternal grandmother is of <a href="Turkish%20people">Turkish</a> origin and his grandfather is Egyptian, whilst his maternal grandparents have <a href="Arabs">Arab</a> and <a href="Berbers">Berber</a> origins. He grew up and lived in <a href="Egypt">Egypt</a> and spent his childhood holidays in <a href="Algeria">Algeria</a>.

Magdy graduated from the law faculty at <a href="Ain%20Shams%20University">Ain Shams University</a>, in <a href="Cairo">Cairo</a>, and then joined the al-Tamy theater troupe and worked as an actor, assistant director and trainer.

Career.
His first film was the independent six-minute 2007 documentary work ""Magra al-Seil"" ("Riverbed"). He then took part in a workshop entitled ""al-Zatt wa al-Madina – al-Qahira"" ("The Self and the City - Cairo") which was produced by the <a href="European%20Union">European Union</a> and al-Sammat production company, which involved the production of a documentary called ""Zeezo"". After joining the Cairo Jesuit Cinema School, he directed three low budget short titles. His graduation project, ""Keika Sagheera"" ("Small Cake"), received an honor from the judging committee at the Algeria Independent Cinema Festival.

Overall, Magdy has taken part in more than 30 independent works. He has directed ""Illa al-Bahr…"" ("To the Sea…"), which was produced by the Forced Migration and Refugee Studies department at the <a href="American%20University%20in%20Cairo">American University in Cairo</a>. He has also acted in ""’Asafeer al-Neel"" ("Birds of the Nile") which is an adaptation of the novel by renowned writer <a href="Ibrahim%20Aslan">Ibrahim Aslan</a>.

Personal life.
Madgy enjoys photography and can also play numerous instruments. He also practices contemporary dance.

He holds <a href="dual%20citizenship">dual citizenship</a> of Algeria and Egypt.


</doc>
<doc id="54798557" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798557" title="2017 Alexander Zverev Jr. tennis season">
2017 Alexander Zverev Jr. tennis season

The 2017 Alexander Zverev Jr. tennis season officially commenced on 2 January 2017 with the start of the <a href="2017%20Hopman%20Cup">2017 Hopman Cup</a>.

Year summary.
Zverev began the year by tying his best result at a Grand Slam at the time, falling in the 3rd round of the <a href="2017%20Australian%20Open%20%E2%80%93%20Men%27s%20Singles">Australian Open</a> to eventual runner-up <a href="Rafael%20Nadal">Rafael Nadal</a> in a 5-set match. Zverev had beaten <a href="Robin%20Haase">Robin Haase</a> and <a href="Frances%20Tiafoe">Frances Tiafoe</a>, in the first and second rounds respectively to reach the Spaniard. Zverev represented <a href="Germany%20Davis%20Cup%20team">Germany</a> in the first round of the <a href="2017%20Davis%20Cup%20World%20Group">Davis Cup</a>, losing to <a href="Steve%20Darcis">Steve Darcis</a> after a straight sets victory over <a href="Arthur%20De%20Greef%20%28tennis%29">Arthur De Greef</a>, his first win at the Davis Cup. In his second appearance at the <a href="2017%20Open%20Sud%20de%20France%20%E2%80%93%20Singles">Open Sud de France</a>, Zverev won his first title of the year beating <a href="Richard%20Gasquet">Richard Gasquet</a> in straight sets. Zverev and his brother also won the doubles title at <a href="2017%20Open%20Sud%20de%20France%20%E2%80%93%20Doubles">Montpellier</a>, beating <a href="Fabrice%20Martin">Fabrice Martin</a> and <a href="Daniel%20Nestor">Daniel Nestor</a>. 

After two successive first round losses at the <a href="2017%20ABN%20AMRO%20World%20Tennis%20Tournament%20%E2%80%93%20Singles">Rotterdam Open</a> and <a href="2017%20Open%2013%20%E2%80%93%20Singles">Open 13</a> – to <a href="Dominic%20Thiem">Dominic Thiem</a> and <a href="Nicolas%20Mahut">Nicolas Mahut</a> respectively – Zverev played in <a href="2017%20BNP%20Paribas%20Open%20%E2%80%93%20Men%27s%20Singles">Indian Wells</a>, where he lost to <a href="Nick%20Kyrgios">Nick Kyrgios</a> in the third round. From Indian Wells, Zverev made it to his first <a href="ATP%20World%20Tour%20Masters%201000">Masters 1000</a> quarterfinal at the <a href="2017%20Miami%20Open%20%E2%80%93%20Men%27s%20Singles">Miami Open</a>. After beating World No. 3 <a href="Stan%20Wawrinka">Stan Wawrinka</a>, Zverev again lost to Nick Kyrgios in the quarterfinals.

Zverev began the clay-court season at <a href="2017%20Monte-Carlo%20Rolex%20Masters%20%E2%80%93%20Singles">Monte Carlo</a>, where he beat <a href="Andreas%20Seppi">Andreas Seppi</a> and <a href="Feliciano%20L%C3%B3pez">Feliciano Lopez</a> to reach nine-time champion Nadal in the third round. Zverev lost to Nadal in straight sets, before heading to the <a href="2017%20Barcelona%20Open%20Banco%20Sabadell%20%E2%80%93%20Singles">Barcelona Open</a>. He made it to the third round at Barcelona, where he lost to qualifier <a href="Chung%20Hyeon">Chung Hyeon</a> in straight sets. Zverev won his second title of the year, and first title on home soil at the <a href="2017%20BMW%20Open%20%E2%80%93%20Singles">BMW Open</a>. He beat <a href="J%C3%A9r%C3%A9my%20Chardy">Jeremy Chardy</a>, fellow countryman <a href="Jan-Lennard%20Struff">Jan-Lennard Struff</a>, World No. 18 <a href="Roberto%20Bautista%20Agut">Roberto Bautista Agut</a> and then finally <a href="Guido%20Pella">Guido Pella</a> to win the title. Zverev then competed unseeded at the <a href="Madrid%20Open">Madrid Open</a>. In the first round he beat <a href="Fernando%20Verdasco">Fernando Verdasco</a> in straight sets, setting up a second round match over <a href="Marin%20%C4%8Cili%C4%87">Marin Cilic</a>. After beating Cilic in three close sets, and then prevailing over Tomas Berdych, Zverev lost in the quarterfinals to Uruguayan Pablo Cuevas. 

At the Italian Open, Zverev continued his excellent form in beating 5th seed <a href="Milos%20Raonic">Milos Raonic</a> in the quarterfinal, setting up his first Masters 1000 semifinal with <a href="John%20Isner">John Isner</a>. He then beat Isner in three sets to move into his first Masters final against <a href="Novak%20Djokovic">Novak Djokovic</a>. In the final, Zverev outplayed Djokovic with his powerful groundstrokes and beat him in straight sets to win his first Masters title. With this win, he became the youngest player since Djokovic in 2007 to win a Masters 1000 title, and the first player born in the 1990s to do so. Despite his triumph in Rome, he went on to lose in the first round of the <a href="2017%20French%20Open%20-%20Men%27s%20Singles">French Open</a> to <a href="Fernando%20Verdasco">Fernando Verdasco</a> in four sets.

Zverev began his grass-court season at the <a href="2017%20Ricoh%20Open%20%E2%80%93%20Men%27s%20Singles">Ricoh Open</a> as second seed. He defeated two Frenchmen, <a href="Adrian%20Mannarino">Adrian Mannarino</a> and <a href="Julien%20Benneteau">Julien Benneteau</a>, to reach the semi-finals, where lost to eventual champion and fourth seed <a href="Gilles%20M%C3%BCller">Gilles Müller</a>. In his next tournament, Zverev again reached the final of the <a href="2017%20Gerry%20Weber%20Open%20%E2%80%93%20Singles">Halle Open</a> for his second consecutive year, defeating <a href="Roberto%20Bautista%20Agut">Roberto Bautista Agut</a> and former World No. 7 <a href="Richard%20Gasquet">Richard Gasquet</a> on his path. Despite beating him in the semi-finals of the previous year's tournament, Zverev lost to Roger Federer in only 53 minutes. Zverev and his brother also reached the <a href="2017%20Gerry%20Weber%20Open%20%E2%80%93%20Doubles">Halle Open doubles</a> final but lost to <a href="%C5%81ukasz%20Kubot">Łukasz Kubot</a> and <a href="Marcelo%20Melo">Marcelo Melo</a>. At <a href="2017%20Wimbledon%20Championships%20%E2%80%93%20Men%27s%20Singles">Wimbledon</a> he achieved his best result at a Grand Slam event to date, falling in the 4th round to the previous years' runner up and 6th seed Milos Raonic in a 5-set match. He defeated <a href="Evgeny%20Donskoy">Evgeny Donskoy</a>, <a href="Frances%20Tiafoe">Frances Tiafoe</a> and qualifier <a href="Sebastian%20Ofner">Sebastian Ofner</a> in straight sets, to reach Raonic.

Zverev returned to hard-court at the <a href="Washington%20Open%20%28tennis%29">Washington Open</a> where he claimed his 5th ATP title. He defeated <a href="Jordan%20Thompson%20%28tennis%29">Jordan Thompson</a>, <a href="Tennys%20Sandgren">Tennys Sandgren</a>, <a href="Daniil%20Medvedev">Daniil Medvedev</a> and <a href="Kei%20Nishikori">Kei Nishikori</a> – thereby losing only one set all week in the U.S. capital, before beating South African <a href="Kevin%20Anderson%20%28tennis%29">Kevin Anderson</a> 6–4, 6–4 to win his first ATP World Tour 500 title.

All matches.
This table chronicles all the matches of Alexander Zverev Jr. in 2017, including walkovers (W/O) which the ATP does not count as wins. They are marked ND for non-decision or no decision.

Yearly records.
Head-to-head matchups.
ATP and ITF Grand Slam Matches.
Alexander Zverev Jr. has a ATP match win-loss record in the 2017 season. His record against players who were part of the <a href="ATP%20Rankings">ATP Rankings</a> <a href="ATP%20Tour%20records%23Matches%20played%20/%20matches%20won%20versus%20top%2010%20and%20Winning%20percentage">Top Ten</a> at the time of their meetings was . Bold indicates player was ranked top 10 at the time of at least one meeting. The following list is ordered by number of wins:
ITF Matches.
His official ITF sanctioned season record is 43–14. The extra ITF matches are as follows (While these are official matches per the ITF, the ATP does not count them):



</doc>
<doc id="54798576" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798576" title="Diana: In Her Own Words">
Diana: In Her Own Words

Diana: In Her Own Words is a television documentary that was broadcast on <a href="Channel%204">Channel 4</a> in the United Kingdom on 6 August 2017. The film includes footage of the late <a href="Diana%2C%20Princess%20of%20Wales">Diana, Princess of Wales</a> discussing aspects of her personal life, including her marriage to <a href="Charles%2C%20Prince%20of%20Wales">Prince Charles</a> which was recorded during conversations she had with a <a href="voice%20coaching">voice coach</a> in 1992 and 1993.

In July 2017, it emerged that Channel 4 planned to broadcast the documentary The footage in the run up to the 20th anniversary of <a href="Death%20of%20Diana%2C%20Princess%20of%20Wales">the death of Diana</a>. On 30 July, "<a href="The%20Mail%20on%20Sunday">The Mail on Sunday</a>" reported that the Princess's brother, <a href="Charles%20Spencer%2C%209th%20Earl%20Spencer">Earl Spencer</a> had urged Channel 4 not to broadcast the tapes of his sister amid concerns it would cause distress to her children. His concerns are subsequently echoed by Royal commentators and friends of the late princess, including <a href="Rosa%20Monckton">Rosa Monckton</a>, who intends to write to the broadcaster urging them not to show the footage, which she says "doesn't belong in the public domain". 

The documentary drew a mixed reaction from critics, as well as giving Channel 4 their largest overnight ratings for over a year. Figures indicated the film was watched by an average audience of 3.5 million, peaking at 4.1 million.


</doc>
<doc id="54798587" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798587" title="Yesvantpur–Harihar Intercity Express">
Yesvantpur–Harihar Intercity Express

The 16577 / 78 Yesvantpur Junction - Harihar Intercity Express is a <a href="Superfast/Mail%20Trains%20in%20India">Express</a> train belonging to <a href="Indian%20Railways">Indian Railways</a> <a href="South%20Western%20Railway%20zone">South Western Railway zone</a> that runs between and <a href="Harihar">Harihar</a> in <a href="India">India</a>.

It operates as train number 16577 from to <a href="Harihar">Harihar</a> and as train number 16578 in the reverse direction serving the states of <a href="Karnataka">Karnataka</a>.

Coaches.
The 16577 / 78 Yesvantpur Junction - Harihar Intercity Express has one AC chair car, six Chair car, six general unreserved & two SLR (seating with luggage rake) coaches . It does not carry a <a href="Dining%20car">pantry car coach</a>.

As is customary with most train services in India, coach composition may be amended at the discretion of Indian Railways depending on demand.

Service.
The 16577 - <a href="Harihar">Harihar</a> Intercity Express covers the distance of in 7 hours 15 mins (46 km/hr) & in 6 hours 15 mins as the 16578 <a href="Harihar">Harihar</a> - Intercity Express (53 km/hr).

As the average speed of the train is lower than , as per railway rules, its fare doesn't includes a Superfast surcharge.

Routing.
The 16577 / 78 Yesvantpur Junction - Harihar Intercity Express runs from via to <a href="Harihar">Harihar</a>.

Traction.
As the route is going to electrfication, a based <a href="Indian%20locomotive%20class%20WDM-3A">WDM-3A</a> diesel locomotive pulls the train to its destination.



</doc>
<doc id="54798606" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798606" title="Aradius Group">
Aradius Group

Aradius Group (), formerly Omaha Printing Company, founded 1858 in Omaha, NE, is a Commercial <a href="Printing">Printing</a> Company offering integrated (full-circle) business communications and marketing solutions supported by a distribution and supply chain that services the <a href="Midwest">Midwest</a> with an emphasis on <a href="Nebraska">Nebraska</a>, <a href="Iowa">Iowa</a>, <a href="Colorado">Colorado</a> and <a href="Kansas">Kansas</a>.

History.
Aradius Group (rebranded from Omaha Printing Company, established 1858 ) coalesced in 2014 from a merger between Omaha Print in <a href="Omaha">Omaha</a>, Nebraska and the Minnow Project in <a href="Lincoln%2C%20Nebraska">Lincoln, Nebraska</a>.

Services.
Collectively, <a href="Aradius%20Group">Aradius Group</a> has worked on projects in <a href="agriculture">agriculture</a>, <a href="health">health</a> and <a href="Biology">bio</a> <a href="medicine">medicine</a>, <a href="retail">retail</a> and <a href="ecommerce">ecommerce</a>, as well as <a href="business">business</a> and <a href="finance">finance</a>, with a focus on ecommerce infrastructure and <a href="print-on-demand">print-on-demand</a> services.

Partnership / Merger.
Minnow Project was a <a href="design">design</a> and <a href="marketing%20agency">marketing agency</a> founded in 1995 by Martin Hager and Todd Kalfee in <a href="Lincoln%2C%20Nebraska">Lincoln, Nebraska</a>.
The agency employed 15 people across a number of disciplines including: Business design, mathematics, branding, <a href="environmental%20design">environmental design</a>, architectural engineering, <a href="industrial%20design">industrial design</a>, <a href="interaction%20design">interaction design</a>, <a href="software%20engineering">software engineering</a>, <a href="copywriting">copywriting</a>, <a href="video%20production">video production</a>, <a href="analytics">analytics</a>, <a href="communication%20design">communication design</a>, media buying and planning, data management, SEO and information technology.



</doc>
<doc id="54798608" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798608" title="Thomas de Grey, 4th Baron Walsingham">
Thomas de Grey, 4th Baron Walsingham

<a href="The%20Venerable">The Ven</a> Thomas de Grey (Baron Walsingham after 1831), <a href="Master%20of%20Arts%20%28Oxbridge%20and%20Dublin%29">MA</a> (b <a href="Chelsea%2C%20London">Chelsea</a> 10 April 1778 – d <a href="Merton%2C%20Norfolk">Merton, Norfolk</a> 8 September 1839) was <a href="Archdeacon%20of%20Winchester">Archdeacon of Winchester</a> from 1807 until 1814; and then of <a href="Archdeacon%20of%20Surrey">Surrey</a> from 1814 until his death.

The 2nd son of <a href="Thomas%20de%20Grey%2C%202nd%20Baron%20Walsingham">Thomas de Grey, 2nd Baron Walsingham</a>, he was educated at <a href="Eton%20College">Eton</a> and <a href="St%20John%27s%20College%2C%20Cambridge">St John's College, Cambridge</a>. He held livings at <a href="Aston%20Abbotts">Aston Abbotts</a>, <a href="Merton%2C%20Norfolk">Merton</a>, <a href="Bishopstoke">Bishopstoke</a>, <a href="Fawley">Fawley</a>, <a href="Weeke">Weeke</a> and <a href="Calbourne">Calbourne</a>.


</doc>
<doc id="54798614" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798614" title="List of the prehistoric life of Alabama">
List of the prehistoric life of Alabama

This list of the prehistoric life of Alabama contains the various prehistoric life-forms whose <a href="fossil">fossil</a>ized remains have been <a href="Scientific%20literature">reported</a> from <a href="Paleontology%20in%20Alabama">within</a> the US state of <a href="Alabama">Alabama</a>.



</doc>
<doc id="54798629" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798629" title="Eva Busch">
Eva Busch

Eva Busch (born Eva Zimmermann: 22 May 1909 - 20 July 2001) was a <a href="German%20empire">German born</a> <a href="Singing">singer</a> and <a href="Cabaret">cabaret artist</a>.

Life.
Family provenance and early years.
Eva Senta Elisabeth Zimmermann was born in <a href="Berlin">Berlin</a>: she shared her birthday with <a href="Richard%20Wagner">Richard Wagner</a>. She was the illegitimate daughter of the opera singer Emmy Zimmermann whose admirers had included <a href="Claude%20Debussy">Claude Debussy</a>. A year before the publication of her autobiography in 1991 she disclosed the identity of her father in an interview. was a Swiss orchestral conductor and, perhaps even more significantly, a son in law to <a href="Richard%20Wagner">Richard Wagner</a> whose musical reputation was by the time of Eva's birth sky high. He was another of Emmy Zimmermann's admirers. In 1908, while was suffering from a bout of <a href="tuberculosis">tuberculosis</a>, Franz Beidler and Emmy Zimmermann fell in love. Eva's birth was the result. Later Eva's mother, Emmy Zimmermann married: as a result Eva's name changed and she was known until her own marriage as Eva Klein.

Musical training.
Eva Klein received her first piano lesson when she was 4 and her first violin lesson when she was 7. Dancing lessons began when she was 5. Musical training sometimes came at the expense of other conventional aspects of her schooling, and when her evening engagements began to interfere with her school work she gave up on her . She nevertheless received a rigorous conventional musical training, attending the Berlin Music Conservatory where she received lessons in piano and violin playing. Her first singing teacher was her mother. She also took lessons at the <a href="Max%20Reinhardt">Reinhardt</a> academy. Her first professional engagements were as a singer and actress at Berlin's recently opened <a href="Volksb%C3%BChne">Volksbühne (theatre)</a>. She frequently appeared both at the Volksbühne and in cabaret productions with <a href="Ernst%20Busch%20%28actor%29">Ernst Busch</a>, a stage performer like herself and, additionally, a committed <a href="Communist%20Party%20of%20Germany">communist</a>. The two of them married in 1932. One benefit of the marriage for Eva was that it gave her a nationality: because of her illegitimacy she had, up till this point, been legally "stateless". There is little sign that Eva Busch ever shared her husband's communist beliefs, but she was, like him, openly opposed to the <a href="Nazi%20party">Nazi party</a> which was gaining public support in response to populist-nationalist currents of the time and the economically challenging backwash from the <a href="Great%20depression">Great depression</a>. Ernst and Eva Busch enjoyed success in their stage performances with songs by <a href="Bertolt%20Brecht">Bertolt Brecht</a>, <a href="Walter%20Mehring">Walter Mehring</a> and <a href="Kurt%20Tucholsky">Kurt Tucholsky</a> (and others).

Exile from Nazi Germany.
The <a href="Nazi%20Party">Nazis</a> <a href="Machtergreifung">took power</a> in January 1933 and lost no time in <a href="Gleichschaltung">transforming</a> Germany into a <a href="one-party%20state">one-party</a> <a href="Enabling%20Act%20of%201933">dictatorship</a>. Ernst Busch, who had a reputation from his cabaret appearances as a singer of political songs, received a tip-off that he was about to be arrested and on 9 March 1933, anticipating and avoiding the arresting officers by a few hours, he escaped to the <a href="Netherlands">Netherlands</a>. He was accompanied or quickly followed by Eva. In the Netherlands she was engaged to perform as a singer on the <a href="VARA">national broadcasting network</a> and began to put together her own programmes. Together with Ernst she also used her radio slots to criticise the Nazi government in Germany. According to one source this was the reason that Ernst and Eva were both deprived of their German citizenship "in absentia" in 1937. She also made a point of singing songs from the <a href="The%20Threepenny%20Opera">The Threepenny Opera</a> and other songs with words by German lyricists whose work had been banned from Germany's own broadcast media for reasons of race and/or politics. 

For Eva Busch statelessness was not an unfamiliar condition, but this time she was fairly quickly able to obtain identity documents from the Dutch authorities which enabled her to travel internationally. That was important for her work. In 1936 she travelled to the <a href="United%20States%20of%20America">United States of America</a> where she performed for various radio stations, but she missed Europe and returned to the Netherlands. Her travels also took her to <a href="Belgium">Belgium</a> and <a href="Switzerland">Switzerland</a>. It was in <a href="Z%C3%BCrich">Zürich</a> that she was for a time a member of <a href="Erika%20Mann">Erika Mann</a>'s exiled cabaret troupe, . Increasingly, however, it was to <a href="France">France</a> that she was drawn. Meanwhile <a href="Ernst%20Busch%20%28actor%29">Ernst Busch</a> was drawn by his own professional and political connections to the <a href="Soviet%20Union">Soviet Union</a> where he worked with <a href="Gustav%20von%20Wangenheim">Gustav von Wangenheim</a> on the 1935 film "Kämpfer" (""Fighters""). Shortly after that he became a fighter himself, moving to <a href="Spain">Spain</a> where sources relate that he serves in the <a href="Spanish%20Civil%20War">Civil War</a> with the anti-fascist <a href="International%20Brigades">International Brigades</a> as a singer. In or before 1938 Eva and Ernst Busch were divorced. Eva explained, "the divorce did not reflect any shortage of love, but our marriage was simply impossible" (""Die Scheidung war kein Mangel an Liebe, sondern unsere Ehe war einfach unmöglich."") 

By around 1937 Eva Busch was living and working as a singer and cabaret artist in <a href="Paris">Paris</a>. She featured on the cabaret stage with <a href="Suzy%20Solidor">Suzy Solidor</a>. She met <a href="Pablo%20Picasso">Picasso</a>, <a href="Jean%20Cocteau">Cocteau</a> and <a href="Jean%20Giraudoux">Giraudoux</a>. She appeared for the first time in the cabaret of in January 1939. She also featured as a singer on the radio stations and began to make recordings. In May/June 1940 the <a href="Battle%20for%20France">German invasion</a> of northern France took her by surprise. During the first part of the decade Paris had been a welcoming refuge for political refugees from <a href="Nazi%20Germany">Nazi Germany</a>, but as international tensions increased French immigration policy had become less welcoming. By 1940 all the German born residents were obliged to register their address with their local town hall, and report to the local authorities once per week. That meant that once the Germans invaded and the government worked out what to do, the authorities had up to date information on the whereabouts of the many German exiles in Paris. Like all the registered German born citizens of Paris she was identified as an <a href="enemy%20alien">enemy alien</a> and invited to report to the <a href="V%C3%A9lodrome%20d%27hiver">Winter Velodrome</a>. Here they were detained, held for a few days in Paris, and then transported to the <a href="Gurs%20internment%20camp">Gurs internment camp</a> in the far southwest of the country where Busch remained between May and July of 1940. 

The <a href="Gurs%20internment%20camp">Gurs internment camp</a> had been created a couple of years earlier to accommodate fighters returning from the <a href="Spanish%20Civil%20War">Spanish Civil War</a>. By around 1942 it was conventionally secure, but during 1940 "security" was for most purposes dependent on the fact that it was a long way up a small mountain valley and a very long way off the beaten track. Sources record that she escaped from Gurs, which she probably did by walking out through the font gate and not returning from the village in the evening. Making her way back across France, as she did, would have been a greater challenge. On returning to Paris she was able to work incognito, singing for the radio stations set up in France to entertain the German troops <a href="German%20military%20administration%20in%20occupied%20France%20during%20World%20War%20II">controlling northern France</a>.

Recapture and repatriation.
In 1942 the <a href="Gestapo">Gestapo</a> caught up with her in Paris where she was condemned for having imperilled "the security of the people and the state" and for "damaging the reputation of Germans in the eyes of foreigners." The condemnation was accompanied by an eight year prison sentence. She was taken from <a href="Paris">Paris</a> to <a href="Berlin">Berlin</a> where she was held in the <a href="Alexanderplatz">Alexanderplatz</a> prison. After seven months her sentence was converted into indefinite detention in a concentration camp. She was transferred to the <a href="Ravensbr%C3%BCck%20concentration%20camp">women's concentration camp</a> at in the marshy countryside to the north of Berlin. She was accommodated with other "political prisoners". Most had been imprisoned because they were Jewish or Communists (or both). Eva Busch was neither of these, but she had emigrated to get away from Nazi Germany which was enough for the authorities. Conditions were grim. Work was undertaken in "labour columns": it included loading barges, carrying rocks and creating timber structures. When she was caught helping French inmates she was placed in a dark windowless cell for seven weeks. In the words of one source, hatred for the Nazis gave her the strength to survive: she was determined to live long enough to see their downfall.

After the war was over she told an interviewer that even while she was kept in the concentration camp, she was much loved by German audiences: "Because of <a href="Joseph%20Goebbels">Goebels'</a> stupidity I was known here [in Germany]. Although my records were banned, he sent them to all the [soldiers at the] front". 

Eva's mother, Emmy Zimmermann, bombarded the authorities with appeals for Eva to be released. During 1944 the mother fell seriously ill which evidently increased her determination, or at least the effectiveness of her campaign on behalf of her daughter. It was not generally known at this time that Eva Busch had been conceived as a result of her mother sharing Eva Busch's father with the father's wife, , who also happened to be <a href="Richard%20%20Wagner">Richard Wagner</a>'s daughter. But Emmy Zimmermann's career as a top Wagner soprano during the earlier decades of the twentieth century and her continuing "connections" to the powerful Wagner dynasty were no secret. It was also no secret that top Nazis, including <a href="Adolf%20Hitler">Hitler</a> himself, were enthusiastic backers of the Wagner cult. Sources differ over whether it was her mother's efforts on her behalf that shifted government opinion, or whether she benefitted from a growing awareness that one of the singers whose records were most popular with the troops fighting the war was being held in a concentration camp. Either way, whereas most <a href="Ravensbr%C3%BCck%20concentration%20camp">Ravensbrück</a> survivors emerged only as the war ended, Eva Busch, camp inmate number 7964, was released some months earlier. She made her way back to <a href="Berlin">Berlin</a>, arriving in time to experience, from inside the city limits, the <a href="Battle%20of%20Berlin">city's destruction</a> . Escaping the city quickly became impossible and was in any case officially forbidden. At the <a href="Haus%20Vaterland">"Haus Vaterland" pleasure palace</a> in the Potsdammer Platz she sang to entertain war-wounded soldiers with songs she had earlier sung in Paris such as <a href="Manfred%20Krug">Manfred Krug</a>'s "Du hast Glück bei den Frau'n, Belami" (""You're lucky with the women, handsome friend""). Weeks later she was singing for Russian troops and then for the Americans.

During the final ten days of April 1945 the <a href="Red%20army">Soviet army</a> entered Berlin. <a href="Ernst%20Busch%20%28actor%29">Ernst Busch</a> was released from the <a href="Brandenburg-G%C3%B6rden%20Prison">Brandenburg penitentiary</a> on 27 April 1945 into a city where suddenly the artillery bombardments had fallen silent. He had spent most of the war years in state detention after being arrest in <a href="Antwerp">Antwerp</a> on or shortly after 10 May 1940 as the <a href="Wehrmacht">German army</a> <a href="Battle%20of%20Belgium">invaded Belgium</a>. Eva Busch and her former husband were briefly reunited in the sea of rubble that had been Berlin. Together they made an appearance on the <a href="Rundfunk%20im%20amerikanischen%20Sektor">RIAS (radio service)</a> that the Americans had set up. Before she left the city Eva Busch made a couple more radio appearances which she used to report on aspects of her concentration camp experiences.

"Home" to Paris.
In November 1945, again legally stateless, Eva Busch managed to get a seat on a plane returning to the only city where she really felt at home. In Paris, initially she was able to sing only to American troops, but once her identity papers had been sorted out she was able to sing to the French public and on radio broadcasts. On 6 January 1946, through a friend, she met the "<a href="Paris-Soir">Paris-Soir</a>" journalist and resistance hero George Sinclair. As Eva Busch later (and repeatedly) stated, it was "love at first sight". The two of them would stay together till Sinclair's death on 19 May 1984. Sinclair wrote poems which Busch included in her musical repertoire, as she pursued a career as a German dark timbered singer concentrating on the <a href="chanson">chanson</a> genre. It was only in 1982, when Sinclair fell ill, that she abandoned her stage career in order to care for him. Up till then she also had an international career as a chansonnière, travelling several times to the <a href="United%20States%20of%20America">United States of America</a> where she made two recordings with <a href="Bing%20Crosby">Bing Crosby</a>. Closer to home she toured in the Netherlands and France and also made brief trips across the Rhine, appearing in the radio and television studios back in <a href="West%20Germany">West Germany</a> where she was perceived as exotic, francophile and "very literary", and thereby outside the mainstream of contemporary German singers in the chanson genre.
In 1984, following Sinclair's death, she moved back to Germany, making her home in <a href="Munich">Munich</a>. She continued to make media appearances in both France and Germany. Eva Busch died in Munich on 20 July 2001.


</doc>
<doc id="54798631" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798631" title="Folake Akinyemi">
Folake Akinyemi

Folake Akinyemi (born 31 March 1990) is a retired <a href="Nigeria">Nigeria</a>n-<a href="Norway">Norwegian</a> sprinter who specialized in the 100 and 200 metres.

She was born in <a href="Lagos">Lagos</a>. A promising junior, she finished fourth in the 100 metres at the <a href="Athletics%20at%20the%202007%20European%20Youth%20Summer%20Olympic%20Festival">2007 European Youth Olympic Festival</a>, and at the <a href="2009%20European%20Junior%20Championships%20in%20Athletics">2009 European Junior Championships</a> she won the silver medal in the 100 metres and finished sixth in the 200 metres. She also competed at the 2006 World Junior Championships (<a href="2006%20World%20Junior%20Championships%20in%20Athletics%20%E2%80%93%20Women%27s%204%20%C3%97%20100%20metres%20relay">relay</a> only), the <a href="2007%20European%20Junior%20Championships%20in%20Athletics">2007 European Junior Championships</a> (100 only) the 2008 World Junior Championships (<a href="2008%20World%20Junior%20Championships%20in%20Athletics%20%E2%80%93%20Women%27s%20100%20metres">100</a> and <a href="2008%20World%20Junior%20Championships%20in%20Athletics%20%E2%80%93%20Women%27s%20200%20metres">200 metres</a>) and the 2011 European U23 Championships (<a href="2011%20European%20Athletics%20U23%20Championships%20%E2%80%93%20Women%27s%20100%20metres">100</a> and <a href="2011%20European%20Athletics%20U23%20Championships%20%E2%80%93%20Women%27s%20200%20metres">200 metres</a>) without reaching the final.

In senior events she competed at the <a href="2009%20European%20Athletics%20Indoor%20Championships%20%E2%80%93%20Women%27s%2060%20metres">2009 European Indoor Championships</a>, the <a href="2010%20IAAF%20World%20Indoor%20Championships%20%E2%80%93%20Women%27s%2060%20metres">2010 World Indoor Championships</a>, the <a href="2010%20European%20Athletics%20Championships%20%E2%80%93%20Women%27s%20100%20metres">2010 European Championships</a>, the <a href="2012%20European%20Athletics%20Championships%20%E2%80%93%20Women%27s%20100%20metres">2012 European Championships</a> and the <a href="2013%20European%20Athletics%20Indoor%20Championships%20%E2%80%93%20Women%27s%2060%20metres">2013 European Indoor Championships</a> without reaching the final. In her last international outing she reached the semi-final of the <a href="Athletics%20at%20the%202013%20Summer%20Universiade%20%E2%80%93%20Women%27s%20100%20metres">100 metres</a> at the 2013 Summer Universiade. She since retired because of injuries.

Her personal best times were 7.36 seconds in the 60 metres (indoor), achieved in February 2009 in <a href="Flor%C3%B8">Florø</a>; 11.46 seconds in the 100 metres, achieved in June 2012 in Florø; and 23.61 seconds in the 200 metres, achieved in July 2010 in <a href="Donnas%2C%20Italy">Donnas, Italy</a>. She represented the clubs <a href="IL%20i%20BUL">IL i BUL</a> and <a href="SK%20Vidar">SK Vidar</a> before joining <a href="IK%20Tjalve">IK Tjalve</a> ahead of the 2014 season, a season when she did not record any result.


</doc>
<doc id="54798654" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798654" title="Facklamia ignava">
Facklamia ignava

Facklamia ignava is a <a href="Gram-positive">Gram-positive</a> bacteria from the family of "<a href="Facklamia">Facklamia</a>" which has been isolated from humans.


</doc>
<doc id="54798668" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798668" title="Ilham Kadri">
Ilham Kadri

Dr. Ilham Kadri is the President and CEO of <a href="Diversey%2C%20Inc.">Diversey</a>, and a Senior Vice President at <a href="Sealed%20Air">Sealed Air Corporation</a>. She is widely recognized as a strong advocate for female literacy and women in business .

Education.
Kadri grew up in Casablanca, <a href="Morocco">Morocco</a>, majoring in <a href="mathematics">mathematics</a> and <a href="physics">physics</a> at college. She then travelled to <a href="France">France</a> to study physics, <a href="chemistry">chemistry</a> and mathematics at a <a href="Classe%20pr%C3%A9paratoire%20aux%20grandes%20%C3%A9coles">Higher School Preparatory Class</a>. In 1990, Kadri embarked on a <a href="Master%27s%20degree">Masters</a> course in Physics and Chemistry, splitting her studies between <a href="Claude%20Bernard%20University%20Lyon%201">Claude Bernard University Lyon 1</a> and <a href="Universit%C3%A9%20Laval">Université Laval</a>, <a href="Quebec">Quebec</a>.

After becoming a Master of Physics and Chemistry In 1991, Kadri moved to the <a href="%C3%89cole%20europ%C3%A9enne%20de%20chimie%2C%20polym%C3%A8res%20et%20mat%C3%A9riaux">European School of Chemistry, Polymers and Materials Science (ECPM) of Strasbourg</a> to take up studies in <a href="Chemical%20engineer">Chemical Engineering</a> in the field of Polymer Physics and Chemistry. Two years later, in 1993, she began her <a href="Doctor%20of%20Philosophy">PhD</a> in Physics and Chemistry – gaining her <a href="doctorate">doctorate</a> in 1997.

Career.
1997-2002.
In 1997, Kadri joined <a href="Royal%20Dutch%20Shell">Royal Dutch Shell</a> as a Development and Technical Service Manager in Belgium. This led to a position with <a href="LyondellBasell">LyondellBasell</a> in France, working in Sales and Global Key Account Management. During her time in this role, Kadri negotiated large automotive contracts globally, especially in France, Latin America and <a href="Japan">Japan</a>.

2002-2005.
In 2002, Kadri took on a Product Management and Marketing role at UCB in Belgium. She co-lead the creation of the division innovation processes, and joined Cytec as a result of the chemical business divestiture.

2005-2007.
From 2005, Kadri joined Huntsman Corporation as a Strategic Planning and Marketing Director of the global Epoxy business and led its divestiture to private equity.

2007-2013.
Kadri moved into the post of Marketing Director at <a href="Rohm%20and%20Haas">Rohm and Haas</a> in 2007 in its paint, coatings and construction businesses; staying with the company until its buy-out by <a href="Dow%20Chemical%20Company">Dow Chemical Company</a> in 2009. She then became General Manager Middle East and Africa (MEA) for all its Advanced Materials division and the Commercial Director <a href="Europe%2C%20the%20Middle%20East%20and%20Africa">EMEA</a> for Dow Water and Process Solutions, working to expand the company infrastructure and bring environmental friendly downstream manufacturing into the region.

During her tenure at Dow Chemical, Kadri established a new customer base in MEA, built a new waterborn coatings plant in Dubai, and oversaw expansion to new territories (<a href="Kenya">Kenya</a>, <a href="Ghana">Ghana</a> and <a href="Nigeria">Nigeria</a>). She also developed a series of strategic water projects in <a href="Kuwait">Kuwait</a>, Morocco, <a href="Oman">Oman</a>, <a href="Israel">Israel, Kazakhstan</a> and <a href="Azerbaijan">Azerbaijan</a>.

A major success for Kadri at Dow Chemical was the negotiation and construction launch of the first RO membrane manufacturing for <a href="desalination">see water desalination</a> in the <a href="Saudi%20Arabia">Kingdom of Saudi Arabia</a>.

2013-Present.
Since 2013, Kadri has been a Senior Vice President and Officer for Sealed Air Corporation, taking on the role of President for the company’s <a href="hygiene">hygiene</a> and <a href="cleaning">cleaning</a> business, Diversey Care. This sees her responsible for driving the global business strategy, and the division profit and loss, while managing product innovation and maintaining a focus on sustainability.

On arriving at Diversey Care, Kadri was tasked with the turnaround of falling sales and profits, which saw her lead reforms of the service division. Since then, Kadri has successfully made and integrated three <a href="Mergers%20and%20acquisitions">merger and acquisition</a> deals, introduced the first digital cleaning solution to the industry and invented the Internet of Clean (IoC). 

She has also been a key figure in Diversey Care focusing on a strategy of technological innovation. This includes the launch of the first global range of commercial cleaning robots across the US and Europe, and a digital food safety management platform that helps organizations to achieve regulatory compliance in the food industry.

Originally based in the Netherlands, Kadri relocated to Sealed Air’s new corporate headquarters in Charlotte, North Carolina, when it opened in 2015.

In early 2016, Kadri became Sealed Air’s Digital Leader, responsible for <a href="Internet%20of%20things">Internet of Things</a> (IoT) integration across the entire company – focusing on the IS digital architecture, external ecosystems acquisitions, digital monetization and robotics.

In August 2017, Kadri was named President and CEO of Diversey as part of a move to make the company a standalone entity from Sealed Air – along with its acquisition by <a href="Bain%20Capital">Bain Capital</a>.

Board memberships.
As well as her roles within Sealed Air, Kadri serves as a board member for numerous organizations. She is a board member at <a href="A.%20O.%20Smith">A.O. Smith Corporation</a> (and a member of the audit committee); the Founder and Chairwoman of the <a href="International%20Sanitary%20Supply%20Association">ISSA</a> Hygieia Network; an advisory board member of Catalyst in the USA; and an advisory board member of Leading Executives Advancing Diversity (LEAD) in Europe for the Retail sector.

The ISSA Hygieia Network.
In November 2014, Kadri founded the not-for-profit ISSA Hygieia Network (IHN), alongside other female cleaning industry executives. Open to ISSA members of any gender, the IHN hosts a range of events with the purpose of developing female professionals of all levels and experience. It runs a scholarship programme that provides academic support for students looking to pursue an associate’s or bachelor’s degree in business, management, finance, human resources, procurement or other approved programmes.

The IHN also hosts an annual awards event that recognizes members who have made outstanding contributions to the cleaning industry that fulfil one or more of the IHN’s goals and objectives.

Recognition.
Throughout her career, Kadri has committed herself to mentoring young women, and fighting female illiteracy. She has won a number of awards for this.

In 2016, she won four silver Awards at the Stevie Awards for Women in Business, including Female Executive of the Year (Business Products – More than 2,500 Employees), Maverick of the Year (Industry), Women Helping Women in Business, and Woman of the Year (Industry).

Kadri was recognized by the Charlotte Business Journal Women in Business Awards as a 2016 winner. 

In June 2017, she won two Women World Awards – Gold for Women Helping Women category and the Bronze award for Female Executive of the Year.

Personal life.
Kadri resides in <a href="North%20Carolina">North Carolina</a> with her husband, and is the proud mother of one child.

External links.
<a href="https%3A//sealedair.com/company/leadership-team/dr-ilham-kadri">Official profile</a>

<a href="http%3A//www.hygieianetwork.org/">ISSA Hygieia Network</a>


</doc>
<doc id="54798674" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798674" title="Georgiana (ship)">
Georgiana (ship)

Numerous vessels have borne the name Georgiana:


</doc>
<doc id="54798676" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798676" title="Ljubiša Mikić">
Ljubiša Mikić

Ljubiša Mikić (), real name: Ljubiša M. Bojić (; 12 February 1912 – 18 July 1980) was a <a href="Serbs">Serb</a>-<a href="Croats">Croatian</a> Laywer and fascist politician, <a href="General%20officer">General officer</a> in the <a href="Royal%20Yugoslav%20Army">Royal Yugoslav Army</a> and the <a href="Royal%20Yugoslav%20Navy">Royal Yugoslav Navy</a> and a Doctor, and a Minister in <a href="Government%20of%20National%20Salvation">Government of National Salvation</a> during the <a href="World%20War%20II">World War II</a> he was captured after the war and was tried by the <a href="communists">communists</a> for collaboration with <a href="Nazi%20Germany">Nazis</a> and other <a href="occupation">occupation</a> forces he was executed on 18 July 1980 in <a href="Belgrade">Belgrade</a> 


</doc>
<doc id="54798693" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798693" title="George de Grey, 3rd Baron Walsingham">
George de Grey, 3rd Baron Walsingham

George de Grey, 3rd Baron Walsingham (11 June 1776 - 26 April 1831) was a British peer.


</doc>
<doc id="54798702" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798702" title="Herbert von Denffer">
Herbert von Denffer

Herbert Julius von Denffer (born 4 June 1907 in <a href="Narva">Narva</a>, <a href="Estonia">Estonia</a>) was a <a href="Germany">German</a> <a href="Actuarial%20science">actuarial</a> mathematician. During <a href="World%20War%20II">World War II</a>, Dr Herbert Denffer worked as a <a href="cryptanalysis">cryptanalyst</a> in Referat F, the Mathematical Referat, as part of the Inspectorate 7/VI, that was the <a href="signals%20intelligence">signals intelligence</a> agency of the <a href="Wehrmacht">Wehrmacht</a>, before and during <a href="World%20War%20II">World War II</a>. He would later work for the <a href="General%20der%20Nachrichtenaufkl%C3%A4rung">General der Nachrichtenaufklärung</a>, the successor organization to the In 7/VI, specifically undertaking research in general theory of <a href="cryptography">cryptography</a>.

Life.
Herbert Denffer was the son of author and banker from the aristocratic family. On the 26th February 1926, he received his <a href="Abitur">Abitur</a> certificate from the <a href="Gymnasium%20%28Germany%29">Gymnasium</a>. Denffer undertook 3 <a href="academic%20term">semesters</a> of study at the <a href="University%20of%20T%C3%BCbingen">University of Tübingen</a> and 6 semesters at the <a href="Humboldt%20University%20of%20Berlin">Humboldt University of Berlin</a>. Denffer was eventually awarded an academic scholarship for gifted students, the <a href="Studienstiftung">Studienstiftung</a> to undertake advanced study in mathematics at Berlin. On 15th December 1933, he became an actuarial mathematician and worked at the Association of Public Life Insurance Institutions () in Berlin. On the 8th February 1935, he was promoted to <a href="Doctor%20of%20Philosophy">Dr. Phil</a> with a 
theses titled: "On the Bernstein theory of partial differential equations of the second order of the elliptical type" ().


</doc>
<doc id="54798703" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798703" title="Werner Reichardt Centre for Integrative Neuroscience">
Werner Reichardt Centre for Integrative Neuroscience

The Werner Reichardt Centre for Integrative Neuroscience (CIN) is the common platform for systems <a href="neuroscience">neuroscience</a> at the <a href="University%20of%20T%C3%BCbingen">University of Tübingen</a> in Germany. It was installed as a cluster of excellence within the framework of the <a href="German%20Universities%20Excellence%20Initiative">Excellence Initiative</a> in 2007/2008. About 90 scientists with their research groups – 21 of which are currently supported with excellence initiative funds – form the CIN’s membership. The focus of their work is on <a href="basic%20research">basic research</a> in systems <a href="neurobiology">neurobiology</a>. Based on an <a href="Interdisciplinarity">interdisciplinary</a> and integrative approach, it encompasses projects rooted in <a href="biology">biology</a>, <a href="medicine">medicine</a>, <a href="physics">physics</a>, <a href="computer%20science">computer science</a> and <a href="engineering">engineering</a> as well as <a href="cognition">cognition</a> and <a href="neurophilosophy">neurophilosophy</a>.

The namesake <a href="Werner%20E.%20Reichardt">Werner Reichardt</a> pioneered research into the fundamental principles of vision and information processing.

History.
The CIN was successfully applied for as a cluster of excellence starting during the second part of the Excellence Initiative’s first round (application: 2006/2007; projects commencing 1 November 2007). It was officially inaugurated on 8 December 2008. At the cluster’s foundation, 25 principal investigators (PIs) were joined by another 23 founding members. The CIN is intended as a common platform for exchange, coordination and cooperation within the Tübingen neuroscience community. It has dynamically developed its membership, which now encompasses about 90 Tübingen-based neuroscientists chosen based on scientific criteria. 

When the Excellence Initiative entered its second round (application: 2010/2011; projects commencing 1 November 2012), the CIN applied for and received a five-year extension of funding and support. In that year, the University of Tübingen also successfully applied for Excellence Initiative support with its institutional strategy and research school. 

Ever since it moved in in early 2012 (official opening ceremony: 14 May 2012), the CIN has been at home in a building of its own on the Tübingen University Hospital’s Schnarrenberg campus. It is situated next to institutions that are neighbours topologically as well as scientifically, nestled in between the <a href="Hertie%20Institute%20for%20Clinical%20Brain%20Research">Hertie Institute for Clinical Brain Research</a> (HIH) on one side and the <a href="German%20Center%20for%20Neurodegenerative%20Diseases">German Center for Neurodegenerative Diseases</a> (DZNE) on the other. Before it moved into its current building, the CIN was installed in a building of the Tübingen-Reutlingen Technology Park, in close proximity to the Tübingen Max Planck campus.

Since its inception, the CIN has been headed by its spokesman, the neurobiologist Prof Dr <a href="Peter%20Thier">Peter Thier</a>, who is also director of the Department of Cognitive Neurology at the Center for Neurology/Hertie Institute for Clinical Brain Research at Tübingen University Hospital.

Scientific approach and research questions.
Research at the CIN focuses on the twofold question how the <a href="brain">brain</a> generates its functions (such as <a href="perception">perception</a>, <a href="memory">memory</a>, <a href="emotion">emotion</a>, <a href="communication">communication</a>, <a href="Motor%20skill">motor skills</a>), and how diseases (such as <a href="Alzheimer%27s%20disease">Alzheimer’s</a>, <a href="Parkinson%27s%20disease">Parkinson’s</a>, <a href="Amyotrophic%20lateral%20sclerosis">ALS</a> etc.) impair these functions.

Researchers at the CIN seek to answer these questions using an integrative approach encompassing multiple levels of observation. These levels range from the lowest level of the genetic, cellular and molecular basis of brain functions through intermediate levels of larger <a href="Biological%20neural%20network">neuronal network structures</a> enabling information processing all the way up to high-level observation of the principles governing <a href="cognition">cognition</a> and <a href="Behavior%23Biology">behaviour</a>. 

These different levels of observation require different scientific methods, resulting in different manners in which research results can be translated into medicine and engineering. 

Research at the CIN is roughly divided into five research areas. Three research areas are defined by the shared level of observation of research groups engaged in them: the cellular level („The sensory and neuronal basis of integrative brain function (Cellular Level)“), the network level („The sensory and neuronal basis of integrative brain function (Network Level)“) and the cognitive-behavioural level („Cognition and behaviour originating from integrative brain functions (Cognitive Level)“. All of these areas employ <a href="computational%20neuroscience">computational neuroscience</a> methods complementing biological and cognition research approaches. 

To these three are added two research areas of a more overarching character which emphasise the development of methods and translation into applications. The research area “Designing the tools to probe integrative brain functions (Advanced Tools)“ focuses on <a href="Medical%20imaging">imaging</a> techniques, while the research area “Brain-related technical applications and neuroprosthetics (Neurotechnology)“ aims to promote innovative rehabilitation methods and <a href="Neuroprosthetics">prosthetics</a> and develop <a href="neurotechnology">neurotechnology</a> based on neurobiological basic research. 

Methods.
Due to their multiple levels of observation, the CIN’s researchers employ a wide range of methods. Where investigation into the human brain is concerned, non-invasive imaging techniques such as <a href="electroencephalography">electroencephalography</a> (EEG) and <a href="magnetoencephalography">magnetoencephalography</a> (MEG) are very important. Measurements taken with these methods boast very high temporal resolution, but comparatively low spatial resolution. Fortunately, it is possible to establish anatomical reference points for these electrophysiological methods when they are combined with <a href="functional%20magnetic%20resonance%20imaging">functional magnetic resonance imaging</a> (fMRI), as fMRI reaches spatial resolutions about two orders of magnitude greater. To further improve spatial resolution of MRI, research groups at the CIN investigate the potential of high field technology, e.g. an experimental 9.4 <a href="Tesla%20%28unit%29">Tesla</a> MRI scanner for scanning the brains of human test subjects, and a 14.1 Tesla scanner for small animals, both in use at the <a href="Max%20Planck%20Institute%20for%20Biological%20Cybernetics">Max Planck Institute for Biological Cybernetics</a> under the aegis of CIN professor <a href="Klaus%20Scheffler">Klaus Scheffler</a>. For non-invasive molecular imaging, CIN research groups also combine MRI with <a href="positron%20emission%20tomography">positron emission tomography</a> (PET).

Higher spatio-temporal resolutions are currently only available in invasive experiments, which usually require <a href="Animal%20testing">animal research</a>. In these experiments, membrane potentials including <a href="Action%20potential">action potentials</a> of neurons are measured with <a href="Extracellular">extra-</a> or <a href="intracellular">intracellular</a> <a href="Microelectrode">electrodes</a> in <a href="single-unit%20recording">single-unit recording</a>, with <a href="Multielectrode%20array">multielectrode arrays</a>, or by employing the <a href="patch%20clamp">patch clamp</a> technique, which enables measurements of membrane potentials in different parts of a given <a href="Neuron">nerve cell</a>.

Besides these electrophysiological methods, which are constantly undergoing refinement, numerous optical methods are employed at the CIN to make individual cells or cell clusters visible <a href="in%20vitro">in vitro</a> or <a href="in%20vivo">in vivo</a>, and to observe their behaviour in realtime: <a href="Fluorescence%20microscope">fluorescence microscopy</a>, most importantly making use of <a href="Confocal%20microscopy">confocal</a> or <a href="Two-photon%20excitation%20microscopy">2-photon microscopes</a>. The most recent innovation in optical methods is the localisation of protein molecules in neuronal compartments by combining <a href="super-resolution%20microscopy">super-resolution microscopy</a> with a molecule-specific <a href="Fluorescent%20tag">marking</a> technique. Super resolution microscopy can reach <a href="Diffraction-limited%20system">resolutions below the Abbe limit</a> of conventional light microscopy. This combined method is used by a CIN junior research group to analyse the consequences of <a href="Axon">axonal</a> damage incurred in the course of inflammatory or neurodegenerative diseases such as <a href="multiple%20sclerosis">multiple sclerosis</a>.

Classical methods such as analysing brain lesions are in use in order to understand the role of certain neural circuits. Furthermore, the CIN makes use of a large number of experimental methods such as non-invasive <a href="transcranial%20magnetic%20stimulation">transcranial magnetic stimulation</a> (TMS), or invasive electrical microstimulation or local pharmacological manipulation. These methods are more and more complemented by invasive <a href="optogenetics">optogenetics</a>, allowing activation and deactivation of individual genetically modified neurons using light of a defined wavelength.

Biological data are analysed and processed using modern <a href="Statistics">statistical methods</a>, theoretical neuroscience approaches to simulate neuronal networks and generate hypotheses testable in further experiments.

Several research groups at the CIN work hand-in-hand with the <a href="humanities">humanities</a>, most importantly <a href="philosophy">philosophy</a>, a direction which has resulted in the creation of a professorship in <a href="neurophilosophy">neurophilosophy</a> based on a former junior research group on this topic.

Local relations and partnerships.
The CIN is an interfaculty institution connecting three faculties of the University of Tübingen: the Faculty of Science, the Faculty of Medicine, and the Faculty of Humanities. The CIN is involved in close cooperation with several local partners: the <a href="Max%20Planck%20Institute%20for%20Biological%20Cybernetics">Max Planck Institute for Biological Cybernetics</a>, with whom the CIN has established a joint professorship and research group in high field magnetic resonance tomography; the <a href="Max%20Planck%20Institute%20for%20Intelligent%20Systems">Max Planck Institute for Intelligent Systems</a>; and the HIH and DZNE, with whom the CIN forms the neurocampus Schnarrenberg enabling efficient sharing of resources and facilities as well as constant scientific discourse. Common colloquia, many informal meetings, and an annual get-together are intended to foster that discourse further. The close cooperation among these institutions is evidenced by several joint research groups in sensomotoric research and <a href="Learning">learning and memory</a>.

The CIN further engages in close collaboration with the Natural and Medical Sciences Institute at the University of Tübingen (NMI), with the Tübingen branch of the <a href="Helmholtz%20Zentrum%20M%C3%BCnchen">German Center for Diabetes Research (DZD)</a>, and with the Stuttgart-based <a href="Fraunhofer%20Society">Fraunhofer</a> Institute for Manufacturing Engineering and Automation (Fraunhofer IPA). In 2010, many CIN members took part in the successful application for the establishment of the Tübingen Bernstein Center for Computational Neuroscience (BCCN), which was coordinated by CIN professor Matthias Bethge and supported (2010–2015) by the German <a href="Federal%20Ministry%20of%20Education%20and%20Research%20%28Germany%29">Federal Ministry of Education and Research</a> in the framework of its Bernstein initiative.

Support for early career researchers.
The CIN supports young people going into research at multiple levels of their career. Education and training of <a href="Master%20of%20Science">master</a> and <a href="Doctor%20of%20Science">doctoral</a> students are handled by the international Graduate Training Centre of Neuroscience (GTC). The GTC encompasses three graduate schools with different focus fields. Built upon the International Max Planck Research School (IMPRS) of Neural and Behavioural Sciences founded in 1999, the institute was expanded to three graduate schools concurrently with the CIN’s foundation. The resulting GTC ensures a common structural basis and coordination of studies in neuroscience at the University of Tübingen. The added two graduate schools are the school of Cellular and Molecular Neuroscience and the school of Neural Information Processing. These schools differ from the behaviour- and systems-oriented first graduate school by focusing on the cell and molecular level and on theoretical neuroscience, respectively.

All three graduate schools teach in English. More than 50% of their students come from abroad. Candidates are chosen based on a multi-stage selection procedure. Currently, ca. 85 students aim for a Master of Science degree, while ca. 250 aim to become Doctors of Science.

Laboratory rotations ensure GTC students are introduced to self-organised scientific project work early on. Students at the GTC have many options to take responsibility; for instance, they can invite guest speakers, and they organise an annual conference aimed at junior neuroscientists (“NeNa-Konferenz”).

For scientists further along their career paths, the CIN has established a <a href="Academic%20tenure">tenure track</a> concept. This allows promising junior researchers to head a research group after a <a href="Postdoctoral%20researcher">postdoctoral</a> phase, and to responsibly direct all of its activities. Junior research group leaders are supported and mentored by the CIN’s <a href="advisory%20board">advisory board</a>. After four years, junior research group leaders undergo competitive evaluation based on numerous indicators of scientific accomplishment (publication record, third-party funding won etc.). External reviews mark the success level of the evaluation and are the factor determining whether the candidate receives tenure in the form of a professorship.

When the CIN was founded, the High School Lab in Neuroscience was also established. The High School Lab is a place for learning outside school, but aimed at high school students to interest them in work as a researcher and neuroscientific research questions. Students addressed are most often in their final years of high school (10-13 grade), but often come from middle or even elementary schools. The High School Lab has very stable numbers of visitors (about 2,000 annually). It offers day-long practical laboratory courses with diverse experimental tasks. It also hosts a week-long summer academy for ca. 20 students every year, in the course of which participants work on projects, visit local research institutes and listen to scientific talks. Further training for teachers is also on offer, which annually draw a crowd of up to 200 participants. The High School Lab has been headed by Prof Uwe Ilg since its inception. 

Beside the CIN, several foundations such as the Hertie foundation, the <a href="Robert%20Bosch%20Stiftung">Robert Bosch foundation</a>, and the <a href="Klaus%20Tschira%20Foundation">Klaus Tschira foundation</a>, have supported the High School Lab for Neuroscience. 2014, a friends’ association was founded. The High School Lab has repeatedly garnered attention in the local media. 2010 it was commended as a “Ausgewählter Ort” (chosen location) in the framework of the initiative “Deutschland – Land der Ideen” (“Germany –  Land of Ideas”).

Scientific advisory board.
The CIN’s statutes require an external scientific advisory board to oversee and advise work at the CIN. Board members are internationally renowned researchers whose area of interest lies in one or more CIN research areas. Board members are called by the president of the University of Tübingen. The scientific advisory board visits Tübingen at least annually to receive a report on scientific and structural developments at the CIN, to evaluate the work and role of junior research group leaders, and to advise. The board then deliberates on the developments of the past year and prepare a report to the president of the university.



</doc>
<doc id="54798704" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798704" title="Listed buildings in Odense Municipality">
Listed buildings in Odense Municipality

This is a list of listed buildings in <a href="Odense%20Municipality">Odense Municipality</a>, <a href="Denmark">Denmark</a>.



</doc>
<doc id="54798708" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798708" title="Georgiana (1818 ship)">
Georgiana (1818 ship)

Georgiana was built in British India c.1819, probably in late 1818. She traded in the Far East for most of her career, and between India and London. She made one voyage under charter to the British <a href="East%20India%20Company">East India Company</a> (EIC). She also brought immigrants to Australia. She is no longer listed in "<a href="Lloyd%27s%20Register">Lloyd's Register</a>" after 1843.

She first appears in "<a href="Lloyd%27s%20Register">Lloyd's Register</a>" in 1821 with Worthington, master, J.Macrae, owner, and trade Liverpool—Calcutta.

EIC voyage: The EIC chartered "Georgiana" from Messrs Scott Fairlie & Co. for one voyage to Bengal at a rate of <a href="%C2%A3sd">£</a>9 9<a href="shilling">s</a> 6<a href="Pence">d</a> per ton. Captain Walter Young sailed from Portsmouth on 3 September 1832 and arrived in Calcutta on 23 January 1833. Homeward bound, "Georgiana" was at <a href="Sagar%20Island">Saugor</a> on 16 March, reached <a href="Saint%20Helena">St Helena</a> on 23 June, and arrived at Gravesend on 4 September.

"Georgiana" sailed from Liverpool on 4 October 1840. She sailed via the <a href="Cape%20of%20Good%20Hope">Cape of Good Hope</a> and arrived at <a href="Port%20Phillip">Port Phillip</a> on 19 February 1841. She disembarked some 212 self-funded and bounty immigrants.

Citations and references.
Citations

References


</doc>
<doc id="54798713" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798713" title="Bolognini Madonna">
Bolognini Madonna

The Bolognini Madonna is an oil on panel painting (later transferred to canvas) by <a href="Antonio%20da%20Correggio">Antonio da Correggio</a>. It is dated to around 1514-1519, sometime between his "<a href="Madonna%20and%20Child%20with%20St%20Francis">Madonna and Child with St Francis</a>" (1514-1515) and his lost "<a href="Albinea%20Madonna">Albinea Madonna</a>" (1517-1519). It has been attributed to Correggio since the late 19th century. In 1865 it was left by Gian Giacomo Attendolo Bolognini to the <a href="Pinacoteca%20del%20Castello%20Sforzesco">Pinacoteca del Castello Sforzesco</a> in Milan, where it now hangs. It is compositionally related to the artist's "<a href="Madonna%20and%20Child%20with%20the%20Infant%20John%20the%20Baptist%20%28Correggio%2C%20Chicago%29">Madonna and Child with the Infant John the Baptist</a>".


</doc>
<doc id="54798717" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798717" title="Comrade (2017 film)">
Comrade (2017 film)

Comrade is a <a href="Bengali%20language">Bengali</a> <a href="drama%20Film">drama Film</a> directed by former <a href="Trinamul%20Congress">Trinamul Congress</a> student leader <a href="Shankudeb%20Panda">Shankudeb Panda</a>. This film was released in July 2017.
Plot.
The story based on the <a href="Singur">Singur</a> - <a href="Nandigram%20violence">Nandigram violence</a> which took place in the period of 2006 to 2007 in <a href="West%20Bengal">West Bengal</a>. A peasants movement starts against land acquisition policy by the Government for industrialisation. The government stick on the point to acquire lands for a factory. Party workers confront with the farmers on the issue. Two women, Nandini and Radharani become the leader of the uprising. Nandini is gang-raped and murdered and Radharani commits suicide. Those horrific incedents make villagers to more united for their rights. Later <a href="Supreme%20Court%20of%20India">Supreme Court of India</a> orders to stop the land acquisition. 



</doc>
<doc id="54798719" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798719" title="Nico Brandenburger">
Nico Brandenburger

Nico Brandenburger (born 17 January 1995) is a German <a href="Association%20football">footballer</a> who plays as a <a href="Association%20football%20positions%23Defensive%20midfield">defensive midfielder</a> for <a href="SC%20Fortuna%20K%C3%B6ln">Fortuna Köln</a>.

He has been a youth international for Germany on multiple levels, most recently for the under-20 team in 2015.


</doc>
<doc id="54798728" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798728" title="Thomas de Grey, 5th Baron Walsingham">
Thomas de Grey, 5th Baron Walsingham

Thomas de Grey, 5th Baron Walsingham (b <a href="Chelsea">Chelsea</a> <a href="6%20July">6 July</a> <a href="1804">1804</a> - <a href="Merton%2C%20Norfolk">Merton, Norfolk</a> <a href="New%20Years%20Eve">31 December</a> <a href="1870">1870</a>) was a British peer.


</doc>
<doc id="54798729" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798729" title="Facklamia languida">
Facklamia languida

Facklamia languida is a <a href="Gram-positive">Gram-positive</a> bacteria from the family of "<a href="Facklamia">Facklamia</a>" which has been isolated from humans.


</doc>
<doc id="54798736" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798736" title="Yesvantpur–Hassan Intercity Express">
Yesvantpur–Hassan Intercity Express

The 22679 / 80 Yesvantpur Junction - Hassan Intercity Express is a <a href="Superfast/Mail%20Trains%20in%20India">Superfast</a> train belonging to <a href="Indian%20Railways">Indian Railways</a> <a href="South%20Western%20Railway%20zone">South Western Railway zone</a> that runs between and <a href="Hassan%2C%20Karnataka">Hassan</a> in <a href="India">India</a>.

It operates as train number 22679 from to <a href="Hassan%2C%20Karnataka">Hassan</a> and as train number 22680 in the reverse direction serving the states of <a href="Karnataka">Karnataka</a>.

Coaches.
The 22679 / 80 Yesvantpur Junction - Hassan Intercity Express has four Chair car, eight general unreserved & two SLR (seating with luggage rake) coaches . It does not carry a <a href="Dining%20car">pantry car coach</a>.

As is customary with most train services in India, coach composition may be amended at the discretion of Indian Railways depending on demand.

Service.
The 22679 - <a href="Hassan%2C%20Karnataka">Hassan</a> Intercity Express covers the distance of in 3 hours 05 mins (57 km/hr) & in 3 hours 05 mins as the 22680 <a href="Hassan%2C%20Karnataka">Hassan</a> - Intercity Express (57 km/hr).

As the average speed of the train is higher than , as per railway rules, its fare includes a Superfast surcharge.

Routing.
The 22679 / 80 Yesvantpur Junction - Hassan Intercity Express runs from via <a href="Shravanabelagola">Shravanabelagola</a> to <a href="Hassan%2C%20Karnataka">Hassan</a>.

Traction.
As the route is going to electrification, a based <a href="Indian%20locomotive%20class%20WDM-3A">WDM-3A</a> diesel locomotive pulls the train to its destination.



</doc>
<doc id="54798748" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798748" title="Ahmed Youssef">
Ahmed Youssef

Ahmed Youssef (; born January 1, 1999) is an <a href="Egypt">Egyptian</a> professional <a href="Football%20player">footballer</a> who currently plays as a <a href="Midfielder">Midfielder</a> for the Egyptian club <a href="ENPPI%20Club">Enppi</a>. He joined Enppi in 2016 from Ghazl El Mahalla.



</doc>
<doc id="54798756" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798756" title="List of the prehistoric life of Alaska">
List of the prehistoric life of Alaska

This list of the prehistoric life of Alaska contains the various prehistoric life-forms whose <a href="fossil">fossil</a>ized remains have been <a href="Scientific%20literature">reported</a> from <a href="Paleontology%20in%20Alaska">within</a> the US state of <a href="Alaska">Alaska</a>.



</doc>
<doc id="54798758" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798758" title="List of the prehistoric life of Arizona">
List of the prehistoric life of Arizona

This list of the prehistoric life of Arizona contains the various prehistoric life-forms whose <a href="fossil">fossil</a>ized remains have been <a href="Scientific%20literature">reported</a> from <a href="Paleontology%20in%20Arizona">within</a> the US state of <a href="Arizona">Arizona</a>.



</doc>
<doc id="54798761" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798761" title="List of the prehistoric life of Arkansas">
List of the prehistoric life of Arkansas

This list of the prehistoric life of Arkansas contains the various prehistoric life-forms whose <a href="fossil">fossil</a>ized remains have been <a href="Scientific%20literature">reported</a> from <a href="Paleontology%20in%20Arkansas">within</a> the US state of <a href="Arkansas">Arkansas</a>.




</doc>
<doc id="54798762" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798762" title="Leïla Chellabi">
Leïla Chellabi

Leïla Chellabi is a <a href="Morocco">Moroccan</a>-born <a href="France">French</a> writer and digital artist who has published over 100 books. She is also a former dancer, model, radio host, and songwriter. Chellabi is also notable for being the last companion of the award-wining French novelist <a href="Romain%20Gary">Romain Gary</a>. Her father was an <a href="Algeria">Algerian</a> of <a href="Turkish%20people">Turkish</a> origin who emigrated to <a href="Morocco">Morocco</a> after obtaining French citizenship. 



</doc>
<doc id="54798763" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798763" title="List of the prehistoric life of California">
List of the prehistoric life of California

This list of the prehistoric life of California contains the various prehistoric life-forms whose <a href="fossil">fossil</a>ized remains have been <a href="Scientific%20literature">reported</a> from <a href="Paleontology%20in%20California">within</a> the US state of <a href="California">California</a>.



</doc>
<doc id="54798765" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798765" title="List of the prehistoric life of Colorado">
List of the prehistoric life of Colorado

This list of the prehistoric life of Colorado contains the various prehistoric life-forms whose <a href="fossil">fossil</a>ized remains have been <a href="Scientific%20literature">reported</a> from <a href="Paleontology%20in%20Colorado">within</a> the US state of <a href="Colorado">Colorado</a>.



</doc>
<doc id="54798768" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798768" title="List of the prehistoric life of Florida">
List of the prehistoric life of Florida

This list of the prehistoric life of Florida contains the various prehistoric life-forms whose <a href="fossil">fossil</a>ized remains have been <a href="Scientific%20literature">reported</a> from <a href="Paleontology%20in%20Florida">within</a> the US state of <a href="Florida">Florida</a>.



</doc>
<doc id="54798769" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798769" title="List of the prehistoric life of Idaho">
List of the prehistoric life of Idaho

This list of the prehistoric life of Idaho contains the various prehistoric life-forms whose <a href="fossil">fossil</a>ized remains have been <a href="Scientific%20literature">reported</a> from <a href="Paleontology%20in%20Idaho">within</a> the US state of <a href="Idaho">Idaho</a>.





</doc>
<doc id="54798772" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798772" title="List of the prehistoric life of Illinois">
List of the prehistoric life of Illinois

This list of the prehistoric life of Illinois contains the various prehistoric life-forms whose <a href="fossil">fossil</a>ized remains have been <a href="Scientific%20literature">reported</a> from <a href="Paleontology%20in%20Illinois">within</a> the US state of <a href="Illinois">Illinois</a>.



</doc>
<doc id="54798774" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798774" title="List of the prehistoric life of Indiana">
List of the prehistoric life of Indiana

This list of the prehistoric life of Indiana contains the various prehistoric life-forms whose <a href="fossil">fossil</a>ized remains have been <a href="Scientific%20literature">reported</a> from <a href="Paleontology%20in%20Indiana">within</a> the US state of <a href="Indiana">Indiana</a>.



</doc>
<doc id="54798776" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798776" title="List of the prehistoric life of Kansas">
List of the prehistoric life of Kansas

This list of the prehistoric life of Kansas contains the various prehistoric life-forms whose <a href="fossil">fossil</a>ized remains have been <a href="Scientific%20literature">reported</a> from <a href="Paleontology%20in%20Kansas">within</a> the US state of <a href="Kansas">Kansas</a>.



</doc>
<doc id="54798778" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798778" title="List of the prehistoric life of Kentucky">
List of the prehistoric life of Kentucky

This list of the prehistoric life of Kentucky contains the various prehistoric life-forms whose <a href="fossil">fossil</a>ized remains have been <a href="Scientific%20literature">reported</a> from <a href="Paleontology%20in%20Kentucky">within</a> the US state of <a href="Kentucky">Kentucky</a>.



</doc>
<doc id="54798779" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798779" title="Mir Zakah">
Mir Zakah

Mir Zakah is a village in Northern Afghanistan , where "one of the largest ancient coin deposits ever attested in the history of mankind" was discovered in 1947 at the bottom of a well and extensively plundered in later years. The village lies on the old caravan route from <a href="Ghazni">Ghazni</a> to <a href="Gandhara">Gandhara</a>. The controversial Alexander Medaillon is said to have come from the treasure. 



</doc>
<doc id="54798783" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798783" title="List of the prehistoric life of Maine">
List of the prehistoric life of Maine

This list of the prehistoric life of Maine contains the various prehistoric life-forms whose <a href="fossil">fossil</a>ized remains have been <a href="Scientific%20literature">reported</a> from <a href="Paleontology%20in%20Maine">within</a> the US state of <a href="Maine">Maine</a>.



</doc>
<doc id="54798785" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798785" title="List of the prehistoric life of Maryland">
List of the prehistoric life of Maryland

This list of the prehistoric life of Maryland contains the various prehistoric life-forms whose <a href="fossil">fossil</a>ized remains have been <a href="Scientific%20literature">reported</a> from <a href="Paleontology%20in%20Maryland">within</a> the US state of <a href="Maryland">Maryland</a>.



</doc>
<doc id="54798787" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798787" title="List of the prehistoric life of Massachusetts">
List of the prehistoric life of Massachusetts

This list of the prehistoric life of Massachusetts contains the various prehistoric life-forms whose <a href="fossil">fossil</a>ized remains have been <a href="Scientific%20literature">reported</a> from <a href="Paleontology%20in%20Massachusetts">within</a> the US state of <a href="Massachusetts">Massachusetts</a>.



</doc>
<doc id="54798790" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798790" title="List of the prehistoric life of Michigan">
List of the prehistoric life of Michigan

This list of the prehistoric life of Michigan contains the various prehistoric life-forms whose <a href="fossil">fossil</a>ized remains have been <a href="Scientific%20literature">reported</a> from <a href="Paleontology%20in%20Michigan">within</a> the US state of <a href="Michigan">Michigan</a>.



</doc>
<doc id="54798792" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798792" title="Madonna and Child with the Infant John the Baptist (Correggio, Chicago)">
Madonna and Child with the Infant John the Baptist (Correggio, Chicago)

The Madonna and Child with the Infant John the Baptist is a 1513-1514 painting by <a href="Correggio">Correggio</a>. It was bought by Messrs Wildenstein for the <a href="Art%20Institute%20of%20Chicago">Art Institute of Chicago</a> in 1965 and although it was stolen shortly afterwards, it was soon recovered and still hangs there.


</doc>
<doc id="54798796" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798796" title="List of the prehistoric life of Minnesota">
List of the prehistoric life of Minnesota

This list of the prehistoric life of Minnesota contains the various prehistoric life-forms whose <a href="fossil">fossil</a>ized remains have been <a href="Scientific%20literature">reported</a> from <a href="Paleontology%20in%20Minnesota">within</a> the US state of <a href="Minnesota">Minnesota</a>.





</doc>
<doc id="54798800" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798800" title="List of the prehistoric life of Missouri">
List of the prehistoric life of Missouri

This list of the prehistoric life of Missouri contains the various prehistoric life-forms whose <a href="fossil">fossil</a>ized remains have been <a href="Scientific%20literature">reported</a> from <a href="Paleontology%20in%20Missouri">within</a> the US state of <a href="Missouri">Missouri</a>.





</doc>
<doc id="54798801" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798801" title="Ton Koot">
Ton Koot

Ton Koot (1907-1986) was secretary of the Amsterdam <a href="Rijksmuseum">Rijksmuseum</a>. He was vice-president of the Amsterdam Tourist Office and was a prolific author of books promoting the history and attractions of the city. The Ton Kootpenning has been awarded since 1972 for services to the preservation of heritage and commitment to monument protection.




</doc>
<doc id="54798804" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798804" title="List of the prehistoric life of Montana">
List of the prehistoric life of Montana

This list of the prehistoric life of Montana contains the various prehistoric life-forms whose <a href="fossil">fossil</a>ized remains have been <a href="Scientific%20literature">reported</a> from <a href="Paleontology%20in%20Montana">within</a> the US state of <a href="Montana">Montana</a>.





</doc>
<doc id="54798805" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798805" title="FSC Millport">
FSC Millport

FSC Millport, run by the <a href="Field%20Studies%20Council">Field Studies Council</a>, is located on the island of <a href="Great%20Cumbrae">Great Cumbrae</a> in the <a href="Firth%20of%20Clyde">Firth of Clyde</a>, <a href="Scotland">Scotland</a>. It reopened as a field centre in 2013 after closing in 2014 after Higher Education funding was withdrawn: it was formerly known as the <a href="University%20Marine%20Biological%20Station%20Millport">University Marine Biological Station Millport</a> (UMBSM), a <a href="higher%20education">higher education</a> institute run by the University of London in partnership with Glasgow University. It continues to host and teach university, school, and college groups, as well as providing a range of courses in natural history, and over the summer offers a range of nature-based activities for families to enjoy. The Robertson Museum and Aquarium (named after the founder of the original Marine Station, <a href="David%20Robertson%20%28naturalist%29">David Robertson</a>) is open to visitors all year round. The station also functions as a Meteorological Office Weather Station and Admiralty Tide Monitor.
History.
"The Ark", an 84 ft lighter moored in the flooded Granton quarry, was fitted out as a floating laboratory by the father of modern <a href="oceanography">oceanography</a>, <a href="John%20Murray%20%28oceanographer%29">Sir John Murray</a>. This boat formed the Scottish Marine Station for 12 years from 1884. In 1885 she was moved from <a href="Granton%2C%20Edinburgh">Granton</a> and drawn up on the shore at Port Loy, Cumbrae, where she continued to be used as a floating laboratory. She attracted a stream of distinguished scientists, drawn by the richness of the fauna and flora of the Firth of Clyde, but gradually fell into disuse after the opening of the Millport Marine Station, and on the night of 20 January 1900 was completely destroyed by a great storm.

In 1894 a committee headed by amateur naturalist David Robertson began to build a marine station on the Isle of Cumbrae and took over the Ark. Sadly David Robertson died the same year, but in 1897 Millport Marine Biological Station (MMBS) was opened by <a href="John%20Murray%20%28oceanographer%29">Sir John Murray</a>. Despite many struggles during its first few decades, in which sufficient funding was difficult to attain and there was much conflict between research priorities and the needs of education, the station persisted.

On 21 July 1904 "Scotia", the ship of Dr <a href="William%20Speirs%20Bruce">William Speirs Bruce</a>'s <a href="Scottish%20National%20Antarctic%20Expedition">Scottish National Antarctic Expedition</a>, returned to her first Scottish landing site on the Isle of Cumbrae.

From this beginning, the station was gradually built up to its present size. The original building proved too small for the purpose and an architectural copy was built alongside. In 1914 the Scottish Marine Biological Association was established at MMBS. In 1922 <a href="Sheina%20Marshall">Sheina Marshall</a> joined the Scottish Marine Laboratory, beginning a scientific career dedicated to the study of plant and animal plankton. She went on to become one of the first women to be elected a Fellow of the <a href="Royal%20Society%20of%20Edinburgh">Royal Society of Edinburgh</a>, and later became a <a href="Royal%20Society">Fellow of the Royal Society</a>, as well as being awarded the <a href="Order%20of%20the%20British%20Empire">Order of the British Empire</a> in 1966. From 1966 to 1987 the station ran under the Directorship of <a href="Ronald%20Ian%20Currie">Ronald Ian Currie</a> <a href="FRSE">FRSE</a> who was responsible for the creation of RV Challenger and RV Calanus.

In 1970 the Scottish Marine Biological Station moved to Dunstaffnage Bay (Oban), and MMBS was taken over by the University of London in partnership with Glasgow University, becoming the University Marine Biological Station Millport (UMBSM). It continued to expand, with a hostel accommodation block opening in 1975.

In December 2012 it was announced that the University Marine Biological Station Millport would be forced to close after the <a href="Higher%20Education%20Funding%20Council%20for%20England">Higher Education Funding Council for England</a> withdrew the grant of 400,000 pounds that it gave to the <a href="University%20of%20London">University of London</a> to run the station. UMBSM closed on 31 October 2013.

Ownership of MMBS was transferred to the <a href="Field%20Studies%20Council">Field Studies Council</a> on 1 January 2014. In May 2014 a four-million-pound package of funding was announced that is intended to allow a comprehensive programme of development and refurbishment to be completed over five years. MMBS is now known as FSC Millport and continues to deliver education alongside important research.



External links.
 


</doc>
<doc id="54798806" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798806" title="List of the prehistoric life of Nebraska">
List of the prehistoric life of Nebraska

This list of the prehistoric life of Nebraska contains the various prehistoric life-forms whose <a href="fossil">fossil</a>ized remains have been <a href="Scientific%20literature">reported</a> from <a href="Paleontology%20in%20Nebraska">within</a> the US state of <a href="Nebraska">Nebraska</a>.





</doc>
<doc id="54798807" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798807" title="List of the prehistoric life of Nevada">
List of the prehistoric life of Nevada

This list of the prehistoric life of Nevada contains the various prehistoric life-forms whose <a href="fossil">fossil</a>ized remains have been <a href="Scientific%20literature">reported</a> from <a href="Paleontology%20in%20Nevada">within</a> the US state of <a href="Nevada">Nevada</a>.



</doc>
<doc id="54798811" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798811" title="List of the prehistoric life of New Mexico">
List of the prehistoric life of New Mexico

This list of the prehistoric life of New Mexico contains the various prehistoric life-forms whose <a href="fossil">fossil</a>ized remains have been <a href="Scientific%20literature">reported</a> from <a href="Paleontology%20in%20New%20Mexico">within</a> the US state of <a href="New%20Mexico">New Mexico</a>.





</doc>
<doc id="54798812" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798812" title="Al-Maqar Central Library">
Al-Maqar Central Library

Al-Maqar Central Library is the biggest library of the Al-Maqar.


</doc>
<doc id="54798819" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798819" title="Slovak Ambassador to the United States">
Slovak Ambassador to the United States

The <a href="Slovakia">Slovak</a> <a href="ambassador">ambassador</a> in <a href="Washington%2C%20D.%20C.">Washington, D. C.</a> is the official representative of the Government in <a href="Bratislava">Bratislava</a> to the Government of the <a href="United%20States">United States</a>.



</doc>
<doc id="54798821" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798821" title="List of the prehistoric life of Ohio">
List of the prehistoric life of Ohio

This list of the prehistoric life of Ohio contains the various prehistoric life-forms whose <a href="fossil">fossil</a>ized remains have been <a href="Scientific%20literature">reported</a> from <a href="Paleontology%20in%20Ohio">within</a> the US state of <a href="Ohio">Ohio</a>.





</doc>
<doc id="54798822" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798822" title="Marsha Albert">
Marsha Albert

Marsha Albert (born 1948) is credited with being the person who jump-started the early 1960s phenomena known as <a href="Beatlemania%20in%20the%20United%20Kingdom">Beatlemania</a> in the <a href="United%20States">United States</a> when as a 15-year-old girl, on 17 December 1963, she introduced for the first time on American radio a song written and recorded by <a href="The%20Beatles">The Beatles</a> titled <a href="I%20Want%20to%20Hold%20Your%20Hand">I Want to Hold Your Hand</a> (the Beatles' best-selling single worldwide), and that Beatles historian and author <a href="Bruce%20Spizer">Bruce Spizer</a> noted, in 2004, by his stating "Marsha Albert's actions forced a major record company to push up the release date of a debut single from an unknown band during the holiday season, a time when record companies traditionally released no new product."

History.
On the morning of 22 November 1963, <a href="CBS%20Morning%20News">CBS Morning News</a>, hosted by <a href="Mike%20Wallace">Mike Wallace</a>, aired a "light trend segment" about The Beatles and the phenomenon surrounding this musical group called Beatlemania. Though due to air later that evening on the <a href="CBS%20Evening%20News">CBS Evening News</a>, hosted by <a href="Walter%20Cronkite">Walter Cronkite</a>, it was preempted by the assassination of <a href="John%20F.%20Kennedy">President John F. Kennedy</a>, but was eventually re-aired by Cronkite on 10 December 1963—who knew that America needed a lift in spirit from the tragedies it had just gone through. After viewing this re-aired segment on The Beatles, Albert, a 15-year-old living in <a href="Silver%20Springs%2C%20Maryland">Silver Springs, Maryland</a>, wrote to her local radio station, <a href="WWDC%20%28FM%29">WWDC-AM</a>, asking <a href="disc%20jockey">disc jockey</a> Carroll James Jr. "Why can’t we have music like that here in America?". After receiving Albert’s letter, James Jr. "pulled strings and called in favors" and received from a <a href="British%20Overseas%20Airways%20Corporation">British Overseas Airways Corporation</a> flight attendant a copy from <a href="England">England</a> of <a href="I%20Want%20To%20Hold%20Your%20Hand">I Want To Hold Your Hand</a>—and then, on 17 December 1963, James Jr. invited Albert to his studio where she introduced the song to America for the very first time.

Marcia Schafer Raubach dispute.
Marcia Schafer Raubach, who in 1963 was a high school senior in <a href="West%20Frankfort%2C%20Illinois">West Frankfort, Illinois</a>, claimed that she was the first to play a record by The Beatles in America on her father’s radio station in September, but that was disputed by Chicago radio station <a href="WLS%20%28AM%29">WLS AM</a>—though Raubach is credited with being the first American to interview on American radio a Beatle member, <a href="George%20Harrison">George Harrison</a>, who at the time (September 1963) was in the southern Illinois region to visit his sister.


</doc>
<doc id="54798824" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798824" title="List of the prehistoric life of Oklahoma">
List of the prehistoric life of Oklahoma

This list of the prehistoric life of Oklahoma contains the various prehistoric life-forms whose <a href="fossil">fossil</a>ized remains have been <a href="Scientific%20literature">reported</a> from <a href="Paleontology%20in%20Oklahoma">within</a> the US state of <a href="Oklahoma">Oklahoma</a>.





</doc>
<doc id="54798825" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798825" title="List of the prehistoric life of Oregon">
List of the prehistoric life of Oregon

This list of the prehistoric life of Oregon contains the various prehistoric life-forms whose <a href="fossil">fossil</a>ized remains have been <a href="Scientific%20literature">reported</a> from <a href="Paleontology%20in%20Oregon">within</a> the US state of <a href="Oregon">Oregon</a>.





</doc>
<doc id="54798828" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798828" title="List of the prehistoric life of Pennsylvania">
List of the prehistoric life of Pennsylvania

This list of the prehistoric life of Pennsylvania contains the various prehistoric life-forms whose <a href="fossil">fossil</a>ized remains have been <a href="Scientific%20literature">reported</a> from <a href="Paleontology%20in%20Pennsylvania">within</a> the US state of <a href="Pennsylvania">Pennsylvania</a>.





</doc>
<doc id="54798833" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798833" title="List of the prehistoric life of South Dakota">
List of the prehistoric life of South Dakota

This list of the prehistoric life of South Dakota contains the various prehistoric life-forms whose <a href="fossil">fossil</a>ized remains have been <a href="Scientific%20literature">reported</a> from <a href="Paleontology%20in%20South%20Dakota">within</a> the US state of <a href="South%20Dakota">South Dakota</a>.





</doc>
<doc id="54798834" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798834" title="List of the prehistoric life of Tennessee">
List of the prehistoric life of Tennessee

This list of the prehistoric life of Tennessee contains the various prehistoric life-forms whose <a href="fossil">fossil</a>ized remains have been <a href="Scientific%20literature">reported</a> from <a href="Paleontology%20in%20Tennessee">within</a> the US state of <a href="Tennessee">Tennessee</a>.





</doc>
<doc id="54798835" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798835" title="Crustal magnetism">
Crustal magnetism

Crustal magnetism is the magnetic field of the <a href="Crust%20%28geology%29">crust</a> of a planetary body. The crustal magnetism of Earth has been studied, in particular various magnetic crustal anomalies have been studied. Two examples of crustal magnetic anomalies on Earth that been studied the Americas are the Brunswick magnetic anomaly (BMA) and East Coast magnetic anomaly (ECMA). Also there can be a correlation between physical geological features and certain readings from crustal magnetism on Earth. Below the surface of the Earth the temperature increases and so the crustal magnetism is lost because it rises above the curie temperate of the materials producing the field.

On Mars the crustal magnetic fields have been noted as effecting its ionosphere. (See also <a href="Atmosphere%20of%20Mars">Atmosphere of Mars</a>) The magnetic fields on Mars from its rocks and crust are thought to come from <a href="Ferromagnetism">Ferromagnetism</a> and if the material is heated above its <a href="curie%20temperature">curie temperature</a> the magnetic imprint is un-done. The <a href="Mars%20Global%20Surveyor">Mars Global Surveyor</a> (MGS) discovered magnetic stripes in the crust of Mars, especially in the Phaethontis and <a href="Eridania%20quadrangle">Eridania quadrangle</a>s (<a href="Terra%20Cimmeria">Terra Cimmeria</a> and <a href="Terra%20Sirenum">Terra Sirenum</a>). The magnetometer on MGS discovered wide stripes of magnetized crust running roughly parallel for up to . These stripes alternate in polarity with the north magnetic pole of one pointing up from the surface and the north magnetic pole of the next pointing down. When similar stripes were discovered on Earth in the 1960s, they were taken as evidence of <a href="plate%20tectonics">plate tectonics</a>. Researchers believe these magnetic stripes on Mars are evidence for a short, early period of plate tectonic activity. Only roughly half of Mars seems have a crustal magnetic field, which has been explained that an internal dynamo only effected part of planet or that a body struck Mars in the past destroying the magnetism.

Lunar crustal magnetism has also been discovered and studied. The <a href="Lunar%20Prospector">Lunar Prospector</a> probe of the 1990s mapped the lunar crustal magnetic field across the whole globe of the Moon for the first time. This allowed the impact on magnetic fields of previously identified impact basins to be studied. The impact basins Orientale and Imbrium had some of weakest magnetic fields in the survey, and additional study puts constraints on the existence of a steady ambient Lunar magnetic fields in the Moons past given the assumptions of the data and collection techniques. Remanent crustal magnetic fields are studied on Moon as in this case, and have also been examined on Earth and on Mars. However, these are the only bodies that have by the early 21st century they have been studied even though it is predicted other bodies will have this geological feature.




</doc>
<doc id="54798838" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798838" title="List of the prehistoric life of Texas">
List of the prehistoric life of Texas

This list of the prehistoric life of Texas contains the various prehistoric life-forms whose <a href="fossil">fossil</a>ized remains have been <a href="Scientific%20literature">reported</a> from <a href="Paleontology%20in%20Texas">within</a> the US state of <a href="Texas">Texas</a>.





</doc>
<doc id="54798839" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798839" title="List of the prehistoric life of Utah">
List of the prehistoric life of Utah

This list of the prehistoric life of Utah contains the various prehistoric life-forms whose <a href="fossil">fossil</a>ized remains have been <a href="Scientific%20literature">reported</a> from <a href="Paleontology%20in%20Utah">within</a> the US state of <a href="Utah">Utah</a>.





</doc>
<doc id="54798844" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798844" title="List of the prehistoric life of Vermont">
List of the prehistoric life of Vermont

This list of the prehistoric life of Vermont contains the various prehistoric life-forms whose <a href="fossil">fossil</a>ized remains have been <a href="Scientific%20literature">reported</a> from <a href="Paleontology%20in%20Vermont">within</a> the US state of <a href="Vermont">Vermont</a>.





</doc>
<doc id="54798845" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798845" title="List of the prehistoric life of Virginia">
List of the prehistoric life of Virginia

This list of the prehistoric life of Virginia contains the various prehistoric life-forms whose <a href="fossil">fossil</a>ized remains have been <a href="Scientific%20literature">reported</a> from <a href="Paleontology%20in%20Virginia">within</a> the US state of <a href="Virginia">Virginia</a>.





</doc>
<doc id="54798849" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798849" title="List of the prehistoric life of West Virginia">
List of the prehistoric life of West Virginia

This list of the prehistoric life of West Virginia contains the various prehistoric life-forms whose <a href="fossil">fossil</a>ized remains have been <a href="Scientific%20literature">reported</a> from <a href="Paleontology%20in%20West%20Virginia">within</a> the US state of <a href="West%20Virginia">West Virginia</a>.





</doc>
<doc id="54798850" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798850" title="List of the prehistoric life of Wisconsin">
List of the prehistoric life of Wisconsin

This list of the prehistoric life of Wisconsin contains the various prehistoric life-forms whose <a href="fossil">fossil</a>ized remains have been <a href="Scientific%20literature">reported</a> from <a href="Paleontology%20in%20Wisconsin">within</a> the US state of <a href="Wisconsin">Wisconsin</a>.





</doc>
<doc id="54798851" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798851" title="JASK Labs">
JASK Labs

JASK Labs is an IT security firm founded in 2015 and located in <a href="San%20Francisco">San Francisco</a>, <a href="California">California</a>. The firm was established to address the new <a href="Information%20Technology">Information Technology</a> security challenges posed by a flood of false positive alerts and the shortage of qualified IT security analysts to evaluate those alerts. JASK is a venture-funded startup that has received two rounds of venture funding. 

JASK’s technology uses <a href="artificial%20intelligence">artificial intelligence</a> to accelerate security teams’ ability to locate and mitigate <a href="cybersecurity">cybersecurity</a> threats. 

Products.
Trident, the company’s product, monitors networks end to end, using artificial intelligence to surface and triage the most relevant attacks, while providing a clear picture of the attack surface. Trident was made generally available in July 2017.
External links.
 


</doc>
<doc id="54798856" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798856" title="List of the prehistoric life of Wyoming">
List of the prehistoric life of Wyoming

This list of the prehistoric life of Wyoming contains the various prehistoric life-forms whose <a href="fossil">fossil</a>ized remains have been <a href="Scientific%20literature">reported</a> from <a href="Paleontology%20in%20Wyoming">within</a> the US state of <a href="Wyoming">Wyoming</a>.


</doc>
<doc id="54798857" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798857" title="Madonna and Child with the Infant John the Baptist (Correggio, Madrid)">
Madonna and Child with the Infant John the Baptist (Correggio, Madrid)

The Madonna and Child with the Infant John the Baptist (previously also known as The Virgin of the Sandal) is a 1518 oil on panel painting by <a href="Antonio%20da%20Correggio">Antonio da Correggio</a>. Stylistically it is closest to the frescoes Correggio produced for the Camera di San Paolo and the fact that it was a model for <a href="Michelangelo%20Anselmi">Michelangelo Anselmi</a> suggests that Correggio painted it in Parma. It is the work in which <a href="Leonardo%20da%20Vinci">Leonardo da Vinci</a>'s influence on Correggio is most obvious - it forms a free variation on Leonardo's "<a href="The%20Virgin%20of%20the%20Rocks">The Virgin of the Rocks</a>".

It was brought from <a href="Parma">Parma</a> to <a href="Madrid">Madrid</a> by <a href="Isabella%20Farnese">Isabella Farnese</a> on her second marriage to <a href="Philip%20V%20of%20Spain">Philip V of Spain</a>. It was registered among her goods at <a href="Royal%20Palace%20of%20La%20Granja%20de%20San%20Ildefonso">La Granja</a> in 1746 and now hangs in the <a href="Prado%20Museum">Prado Museum</a>.



</doc>
<doc id="54798882" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798882" title="E. Joy Johnson">
E. Joy Johnson

Edith Hancock Johnson (February 9, 1876 - June 1, 1946), who wrote under the pen-name of E. Joy Johnson, was an early 20th century American novelist.

Early life.
Edith Hancock Johnson was born at <a href="New%20Tredegar">New Tredegar</a>, South Wales, on February 9, 1876, the daughter of the reverend Joseph J. Hancock and Elizabeth Hamlin. The family moved to New York State when Johnson was six years old.

Johnson trained as a singer in New York City, but performed only privately for family and friends. She was a graduate of <a href="Katherine%20M.%20H.%20Blackford">Blackford School of Character Analysis</a>.

Career.
Before marrying, Edith Hancock was an assistant at the Lusk post office and a typesetter at the "Lusk Herald" office, a newspaper belonging to J.E. Mayes, her brother-in-law. She was also among the first women in Wyoming to own a drug store, but she gave it up when she married.

E. Joy Johnson wrote Western poetry and prose. She was the author of "The Foreman of the J.A.6." (1911), dedicated to the people of the West, with a preface by former governor <a href="Bryant%20Butler%20Brooks">Bryant Butler Brooks</a>. The illustrations were by the artist <a href="E.%20William%20Gollings">E. William Gollings</a>. Together with her husband, she owned the J.A.6. ranch and the novel was an account of their experience running a ranch in Eastern Wyoming in the 19th century. After the J.A.6. the Johnsons bought the Cross A ranch.

In 1987, Johnson's daughter, Ihla, published "The Cowboy's Alphabet" with texts by her mother and illustrations again by Gollings.

Personal life.
Edith Hancock was a resident of Wyoming since 1888 when her father, a missionary of the Congregational Church, moved the family there. She lived in <a href="Lusk%2C%20Wyoming">Lusk, Wyoming</a>. Rev. Hancock claimed the land that is currently the Mayes Addition, south of Lusk. She married Lawrence Johnson (1873-1957) on July 3, 1894. The couple had three children: Harleigh L. (1896-1953), Ihla G. (1902-1999, married Anderson) and Avaley Lorain (1912-1981, married Outhouse).

When <a href="Theodore%20Roosevelt">Theodore Roosevelt</a> visited <a href="Cheyenne%2C%20Wyoming">Cheyenne, Wyoming</a> during his presidency, Hancock, an expert horsewoman, rode at the front of the parade.

Johnson died on June 1, 1946, at Lusk, Wyoming, and is buried at Lusk Cemetery.


</doc>
<doc id="54798888" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798888" title="Bangalore City–Tirupati Intercity Express">
Bangalore City–Tirupati Intercity Express

The 22617 / 18 Bangalore City - Tirupati Intercity Express is a <a href="Superfast/Mail%20Trains%20in%20India">Express</a> train belonging to <a href="Indian%20Railways">Indian Railways</a> <a href="Southern%20Railway%20zone">Southern Railway zone</a> that runs between and in <a href="India">India</a>.

It operates as train number 22617 from to and as train number 22618 in the reverse direction serving the states of <a href="Karnataka">Karnataka</a>, <a href="Tamil%20Nadu">Tamil Nadu</a> & <a href="Andhra%20Pradesh">Andhra Pradesh</a>.

Coaches.
The 22617 / 18 Bangalore City - Tirupati Intercity Express has one AC chair car, eight Chair car, 14 general unreserved & two SLR (seating with luggage rake) coaches . It does not carry a <a href="Dining%20car">pantry car coach</a>.

As is customary with most train services in India, coach composition may be amended at the discretion of Indian Railways depending on demand.

Service.
The 22617 - Intercity Express covers the distance of in 6 hours 00 mins (56 km/hr) & in 5 hours 50 mins as the 22618 - Intercity Express (57 km/hr).

As the average speed of the train is lower than , as per railway rules, its fare doesn't includes a Superfast surcharge.

Routing.
The 22617 / 18 Bangalore City - Tirupati Intercity Express runs from via , to .

Traction.
As the route is going to electrification, a based <a href="Indian%20locomotive%20class%20WAP-4">WAP-4</a> diesel locomotive pulls the train to its destination.



</doc>
<doc id="54798889" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798889" title="Yesvantpur - Chandigarh Karnataka Sampark Kranti Express">
Yesvantpur - Chandigarh Karnataka Sampark Kranti Express

The Yesvantpur - Chandigarh Karnataka Sampark Kranti Express is an <a href="Sampark%20Kranti%20Express">express</a> train belonging to <a href="South%20Western%20Railway%20zone">South Western Railway zone</a> that runs between <a href="Yesvantpur%20Junction%20railway%20station">Yesvantpur Junction</a> and <a href="Chandigarh%20Junction%20railway%20station">Chandigarh Junction</a> in <a href="India">India</a>. It is currently being operated with 22686/22685 train numbers on a bi-weekly basis.

Service.
The 22685/Yesvantpur - Chandigarh Karnataka Sampark Kranti Express has averages speed of 54 km/hr and covers 2865 km in 52h 35m. The 22685/Yesvantpur - Chandigarh Karnataka Sampark Kranti Express has averages speed of 56 km/hr and covers 2865 km in 50h 55m.

Route and halts.
The important halts of the train are:

Coach composite.
The train has standard ICF rakes with a max speed of 110 kmph. The train consist of 23 coaches :


Traction.
Both trains are hauled by a <a href="Diesel%20Loco%20Shed%2C%20Krishnarajapuram">Krishnarajapuram Loco Shed</a> based <a href="WDP-4D">WDP-4D</a> diesel locomotive from <a href="Bengaluru">Bengaluru</a> to <a href="Pune">Pune</a>. From <a href="Pune">Pune</a>, train is hauled by a <a href="Electic%20Loco%20Shed%2C%20Bhusaval">Bhusaval Loco Shed</a> based <a href="WAP-4">WAP-4</a> electic locomotive from <a href="New%20Delhi">New Delhi</a> and vice versa.

Rake Sharing.
The train shares its rake with 06541/06542 <a href="Yesvantpur%20-%20Pandharpur%20Tatkal%20Special">Yesvantpur - Pandharpur Tatkal Special</a>.

Direction Reversal.
Train Reverses its direction 2 times:




</doc>
<doc id="54798891" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798891" title="Karnataka Sampark Kranti Express (via Hubballi)">
Karnataka Sampark Kranti Express (via Hubballi)

The Karnataka Sampark Kranti Express is an <a href="Sampark%20Kranti%20Express">express</a> train belonging to <a href="South%20Western%20Railway%20zone">South Western Railway zone</a> that runs between <a href="Yesvantpur%20Junction%20railway%20station">Yesvantpur Junction</a> and <a href="Hazrat%20Nizamuddin%20railway%20station">Hazrat Nizamuddin</a> in <a href="India">India</a>. It is currently being operated with 12629/12630 train numbers on a Bi-weekly basis.

Service.
The 12629/Karnataka Sampark Kranti Express has averages speed of 55 km/hr and covers 2614 km in 47h 15m. The 12630/Karnataka Sampark Kranti Express has averages speed of 57 km/hr and covers 2614 km in 45h 35m.

Route and halts.
The important halts of the train are:

Coach composite.
The train has standard ICF rakes with a max speed of 110 kmph. The train consist of 22 coaches :


Traction.
Both trains are hauled by a <a href="Diesel%20Loco%20Shed%2C%20Krishnarajapuram">Krishnarajapuram Loco Shed</a> based <a href="WDP-4D">WDP-4D</a> diesel locomotive from <a href="Bengaluru">Bengaluru</a> to <a href="Pune">Pune</a>. From <a href="Pune">Pune</a>, train is hauled by a <a href="Electic%20Loco%20Shed%2C%20Bhusaval">Bhusaval Loco Shed</a> based <a href="WAP-4">WAP-4</a> electic locomotive from <a href="New%20Delhi">New Delhi</a> and vice versa.

Rake Sharing.
The train shares its rake with 12649/12650 <a href="Karnataka%20Sampark%20Kranti%20Express">Karnataka Sampark Kranti Express</a>.

Direction Reversal.
Train Reverses its direction 2 times:




</doc>
<doc id="54798917" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798917" title="Darul Aman">
Darul Aman

Darul Aman (, ) is the main and model of the twenty <a href="campus">campus</a> areas of the <a href="Al-Maqar">Al-Maqar</a>. It is located at <a href="Taliparamba">Taliparamba</a> in <a href="Kannur%20district">Kannur district</a>. At the campus running thirteen departments under four schools.



Library.
<a href="Al-Maqar%20Central%20Library">Al-Maqar Central Library</a> is the campus library which is also accessible to the general public.


</doc>
<doc id="54798922" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798922" title="Harrison Carter">
Harrison Carter

Harrison Carter is a medical student who is the co-chair of the UK Medical Students Committee of the <a href="British%20Medical%20Association">British Medical Association</a> (BMA). He represents 40,000 medical students to the government, media, medical organisations and members of the public. He was a non-executive director at the BMA between 2013-2014.

Early life.
Carter grew up in Meadowhead, <a href="Sheffield">Sheffield</a> and was educated at <a href="Meadowhead%20School">Meadowhead School</a> and <a href="Birkdale%20School">Birkdale School</a>. He studied Cancer Biology and Immunology at <a href="Bristol%20University">Bristol University</a>, with post-graduate research experience as a Lister Fellow Student at <a href="Oxford%20University">Oxford University</a>'s Weatherall Institute of Molecular Medicine. He completed a Master’s in Public Health as a Newton Master's Scholar at <a href="Cambridge%20University">Cambridge University</a> where he was a member of <a href="Downing%20College">Downing College</a>. He is now entering his final year of Medicine at <a href="Bristol%20University">Bristol University</a> 

Politics.
Harrison was one of the key people involved in supporting junior doctor contract negotiations and the strategic coordination of the <a href="Junior%20doctors%20contract%20dispute%20in%20England%2C%202015">Junior doctors contract dispute in England, 2015</a>.

During the junior doctors dispute, a petition was signed by thousands of people that put Carter under pressure to ballot medical students to strike. However, medical students couldn't strike given the fact they weren't employed on a contract. As an alternative, he instructed that penultimate and final year students be surveyed, which highlighted that significant numbers were considering leaving the NHS. Although they couldn't be balloted to strike, these medical students were able to participate in the final vote on whether to accept or reject the contract as were final year <a href="medical%20students">medical students</a> from <a href="Scotland">Scotland</a>, <a href="Wales">Wales</a> and <a href="Northern%20Ireland">Northern Ireland</a> with proof of employment in <a href="England">England</a>. Overall, <a href="Junior%20doctors">Junior doctors</a> and <a href="medical%20students">medical students</a> rejected the contract.

He has provided national media commentary on issues pertaining to <a href="medical%20students">medical students</a> including on student bursaries and <a href="student%20debt">student debt</a>, nurses pay, the morale of UK medical students, UK medical workforce requirements, the junior doctors contract, medical school admissions, <a href="migrant%20worker">migrants</a>' right to healthcare, political involvement in <a href="NHS">NHS</a> affairs and Brexit.

Harrison's press statement in response to the Government's policy to increase the number of doctors in the <a href="NHS">NHS</a> was featured widely across the national print, broadcast and television news media. In addition, Carter was quoted directly to the <a href="Minister">Minister</a> for the NHS, <a href="Philip%20Dunne">Philip Dunne</a>, by <a href="John%20Humphrys">John Humphrys</a> on <a href="Radio%204">Radio 4</a>'s <a href="Today">Today</a> Programme asking the Minister to clarify how long it would take new medical students to become GPs.

Medical Education.
Carter has an interest in medical education and co-created "By Choice, Not By Chance" - a document focused on increasing <a href="GP">GP</a> recruitment. In addition, he was asked to contribute to the <a href="King%27s%20Fund">King's Fund</a>'s "Organising Care at the NHS Frontline" by <a href="Chris%20Ham">Chris Ham</a> and <a href="Don%20Berwick">Don Berwick</a>, <a href="Barack%20Obama">Barack Obama</a>'s former healthcare reform advisor. He is an Associate Course Director at the pioneering Healthcare Leadership Academy which has former <a href="Conservative">Conservative</a> <a href="Minister%20%28government%29">Minister</a>, <a href="Dan%20Poulter">Dan Poulter</a> and former <a href="Labour%20Party%20%28UK%29">Labour</a> <a href="Shadow%20Health%20Secretery">Shadow Health Secretery</a>, <a href="Heidi%20Alexander">Heidi Alexander</a> on the faculty, and is responsible for international advocacy at the NNEdPro Global Centre for Human Nutrition. 

Other.
Carter was affected by a series of leaks from the <a href="British%20Medical%20Association">BMA</a> last year which resulted in thousands of pages of whatsapp transcripts being handed over to journalists. This was the feature of a <a href="Health%20Service%20Journal">Health Service Journal</a> editorial which described Harrison and his colleagues as having 'sometimes giddy excitement in being caught up in such a defining dispute; there is an apolitical pragmatism and a willingness to “play games” in order to achieve victory; there is much righteous anger; genuine concern about the impact of the proposed contract; and an understanding of the responsibility they have been given. There is also fear of being seen to do the wrong thing. Finally there is spade loads of naivety – especially about how government works – mixed with a unhealthy dose of arrogance'

He was the first person selected to discuss his life in the student <a href="British%20Medical%20Journal">British Medical Journal</a> (BMJ) 'confidential series'

Carter was an Alfred Monks Scholar at the <a href="Erasmus%20University">Erasmus University</a> in <a href="Rotterdam">Rotterdam</a> where he studied the evaluation and planning of health screening programmes. He was also an IHI Scholar at the Institute for Healthcare Improvement in <a href="Boston">Boston</a> and was awarded a Certificate of Excellence in Applied Human Nutrition at <a href="Cambridge%20University">Cambridge University</a>.


</doc>
<doc id="54798953" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798953" title="Finn Graham">
Finn Graham

Finn Graham (born 5 March 1996) is a Scottish professional <a href="association%20football">footballer</a> who plays as a <a href="midfielder">midfielder</a> for <a href="Brechin%20City%20F.C.">Brechin City</a>. Graham has previously played for <a href="Dunfermline%20Athletic%20F.C.">Dunfermline Athletic</a> and <a href="Berwick%20Rangers%20F.C.">Berwick Rangers</a>.

Career.
Born in <a href="Kirkcaldy">Kirkcaldy</a>, Graham began his career with Kelty Marian Colts before joining <a href="Dunfermline%20Athletic%20F.C.">Dunfermline Athletic</a> as a youth player in 2004. After a limited number of first team opportunities, Graham was released by Dunfermline in May 2015 and subsequently dropped down a division to <a href="Scottish%20League%20Two">Scottish League Two</a>, signing for <a href="Berwick%20Rangers%20F.C.">Berwick Rangers</a> on a one-year deal. After a successful season with Berwick, Graham was signed by <a href="Scottish%20League%20One">Scottish League One</a> club <a href="Brechin%20City%20F.C.">Brechin City</a>.


</doc>
<doc id="54798960" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54798960" title="Roberto Biancu">
Roberto Biancu

Roberto Biancu (born 19 January 2000) is an Italian football player who plays as <a href="Midfielder%20%28association%20football%29">midfielder</a> for Italian <a href="Serie%20C">Serie C</a> club <a href="Olbia%20Calcio%201905">Olbia Calcio 1905</a> and is on loan from <a href="Cagliari%20Calcio">Cagliari Calcio</a>.


</doc>
<doc id="54799021" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799021" title="H3K27">
H3K27

H3K27 is the 27th <a href="amino%20acid">amino acid</a> in <a href="Histone%20H3">Histone H3</a>, which as a <a href="lysine">lysine</a> is written "K" in single-letter amino acid notation. It is subject to <a href="posttranslational%20modification">posttranslational modification</a> with <a href="epigenetic">epigenetic</a> effects:



</doc>
<doc id="54799034" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799034" title="John Cook (moderator)">
John Cook (moderator)

Very Rev Prof John Cook <a href="Doctor%20of%20Divinity">DD</a> (1739-1816) was a Scottish minister and amateur artist who served as <a href="Moderator%20of%20the%20General%20Assembly%20of%20the%20Church%20of%20Scotland">Moderator of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland</a> in 1816.

Life.
He was Professor of Humanity at <a href="St%20Andrews%20University">St Andrews University</a> from 1769 to 1773 and Professor of Moral Philosophy 1773 to 1814.
In 1816 he succeeded Very Rev <a href="Lewis%20Gordon%20%28minister%29">Lewis Gordon</a> as Moderator and he in turn was succeeded by <a href="Gavin%20Gibb">Gavin Gibb</a> in 1817.
His artistic works are commonly rear view portraits of St Andrews characters.

Family.
He married Janet Hill sister of his colleague, <a href="George%20Hill%20%28minister%29">Rev George Hill</a>. Their children included <a href="George%20Cook%20%28Scottish%20minister%29">Rev George Cook</a> and Rev Prof John Cook, Professor of Hebrew at St Andrews. His son John Cook was also an artist, and the two are often confused. The son was more accomplished and generally painted townscape views.
His grandson (son of George) was <a href="Moderator%20of%20the%20General%20Assembly%20of%20the%20Church%20of%20Scotland">Moderator of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland</a> in 1859.


References.
 


</doc>
<doc id="54799060" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799060" title="Pranav Sachdev">
Pranav Sachdev

Pranav Sachdev is an Indian actor born and brought up in Delhi. Pranav runs an entertainment company named LCM Entertainment, through which he has produced various celebrity stage productions and creatively headed web ads for organizations like ISKCON and OYO ROOMS.

Pranav Sachdev calls himself as an actor because of his dual characters played at the same time, Many actors have tried to ape the psycho lover Rahul that <a href="Shah%20Rukh%20Khan">Shah Rukh Khan</a> played on silver screen, but it has never been attempted on television. That is changing with Pranav Sachdev key role as the two-faced character he plays in <a href="Deepak%20Sharma%20%28director%29">Deepak Sharma</a>’s gripping daily soap "<a href="Agar%20Tum%20Saath%20Ho">Agar Tum Saath Ho</a>", produced by Gulshan Sachdeva for the revamped <a href="Zindagi%20%28TV%20channel%29">Zindagi</a> channel.

He is an alumnus of <a href="Modern%20School">Modern School</a> and <a href="Hansraj%20College">Hansraj College</a>. Hansraj College is the place, where he was mirrored to start his journey of theater and flourish in the field of acting.


</doc>
<doc id="54799086" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799086" title="2017 Gardner–Webb Runnin' Bulldogs football team">
2017 Gardner–Webb Runnin' Bulldogs football team

The 2017 Gardner–Webb Runnin' Bulldogs football team will represent <a href="Gardner%E2%80%93Webb%20University">Gardner–Webb University</a> in the <a href="2017%20NCAA%20Division%20I%20FCS%20football%20season">2017 NCAA Division I FCS football season</a>. They will be led by fifth-year head coach <a href="Carroll%20McCray">Carroll McCray</a> and will play their home games at <a href="Ernest%20W.%20Spangler%20Stadium">Ernest W. Spangler Stadium</a>. They will play as a member of the <a href="Big%20South%20Conference">Big South Conference</a>.



</doc>
<doc id="54799090" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799090" title="List of 2017 World Games medal winners">
List of 2017 World Games medal winners

The <a href="2017%20World%20Games">2017 World Games</a> were held in <a href="Wroc%C5%82aw">Wrocław</a>, <a href="Poland">Poland</a>, from July 20 to July 30, 2017.



</doc>
<doc id="54799102" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799102" title="Tirupati–Coimbatore Intercity Express">
Tirupati–Coimbatore Intercity Express

The 22615 / 16 Tirupati - Coimbatore Junction Intercity Express is a <a href="Superfast/Mail%20Trains%20in%20India">Express</a> train belonging to <a href="Indian%20Railways">Indian Railways</a> <a href="Southern%20Railway%20zone">Southern Railway zone</a> that runs between and in <a href="India">India</a>.

It operates as train number 22615 from to and as train number 22616 in the reverse direction serving the states of <a href="Andhra%20Pradesh">Andhra Pradesh</a> & <a href="Tamil%20Nadu">Tamil Nadu</a>.

Coaches.
The 22615 / 16 Tirupati - Coimbatore Junction Intercity Express has one AC chair car, eight Chair car, 14 general unreserved & two SLR (seating with luggage rake) coaches . It does not carry a <a href="Dining%20car">pantry car coach</a>.

As is customary with most train services in India, coach composition may be amended at the discretion of Indian Railways depending on demand.

Service.
The 22615 - Intercity Express covers the distance of in 7 hours 50 mins (60 km/hr) & in 7 hours 40 mins as the 22616 - Intercity Express (61 km/hr).

As the average speed of the train is lower than , as per railway rules, its fare doesn't includes a Superfast surcharge.

Routing.
The 22615 / 16 Tirupati - Coimbatore Junction Intercity Express runs from via , to .

Traction.
As the route is going to electrification, a based <a href="Indian%20locomotive%20class%20WAP-4">WAP-4</a> electric locomotive pulls the train to its destination.



</doc>
<doc id="54799106" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799106" title="Felipe Rodríguez (composer)">
Felipe Rodríguez (composer)

Felipe Rodríguez (1859/60 – 1814/15) was a <a href="Spain">Spanish</a> <a href="Classical%20period%20%28music%29">classical era</a> <a href="composer">composer</a>.

Rodríguez was born in <a href="Madrid">Madrid</a>, possibly on 1 May 1760. At age ten, he went to the <a href="Escolania%20de%20Montserrat">Escolania de Montserrat</a> near <a href="Barcelona">Barcelona</a>, which has existed as a musical institution since the <a href="14th%20century">14th century</a>. He became a priest in 1783 and shortly afterwards returned to Madrid, where he became an organist. His extant compositions mainly include organ and keyboard sonatas.



</doc>
<doc id="54799130" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799130" title="2017 Jacksonville State Gamecocks football team">
2017 Jacksonville State Gamecocks football team

The 2017 Jacksonville State Gamecocks football team represents <a href="Jacksonville%20State%20University">Jacksonville State University</a> in the <a href="2017%20NCAA%20Division%20I%20FCS%20football%20season">2017 NCAA Division I FCS football season</a>. They are led by fourth-year head coach <a href="John%20Grass%20%28American%20football%29">John Grass</a> and play their home games at <a href="Burgess-Snow%20Field%20at%20JSU%20Stadium">Burgess-Snow Field at JSU Stadium</a>. They are a member of the <a href="Ohio%20Valley%20Conference">Ohio Valley Conference</a>. 


</doc>
<doc id="54799141" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799141" title="KRZQ">
KRZQ

KRZQ (105.9 FM, "105.9 & 106.1 KRZQ") is a <a href="radio%20station">radio station</a> in <a href="Amargosa%20Valley%2C%20Nevada">Amargosa Valley, Nevada</a> serving the area with an <a href="Alternative%20rock">Alternative rock</a> format.


</doc>
<doc id="54799158" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799158" title="1973 Irish Greyhound Derby">
1973 Irish Greyhound Derby

The 1973 Irish Greyhound Derby took place during July and August with the final being held at <a href="Shelbourne%20Park">Shelbourne Park</a> in <a href="Dublin">Dublin</a> on 28 August 1973. 

The Irish Derby winner's prize was doubled to £10,000 by sponsors <a href="Carroll%27s">P.J.Carroll and Co</a>. The winner Bashful Man won £10,000 and was trained by <a href="Ger%20McKenna">Ger McKenna</a>, owned by Deirdre Hynes and bred by Nancy Dirrane.

Final result.
At Shelbourne, 28 August (over 525 yards):
Distances.
4, 2 (lengths)

Competition Report.
In the first round, a leading bitch called Romping To Work won her race in a very fast time of 29.05, she would go on to win the <a href="Oaks%20%28Irish%20greyhounds%29">Oaks</a> later that year. Bashful Man recorded a win in 29.13 and Kilmac Chieftain in 29.23. Ante-post favourite Shara Dee who had won the English Derby consolation won in 29.55 and the <a href="Cesarewitch%20%28Irish%20greyhounds%29">Cesarewitch</a> and recent TV Trophy winner Ritas Choice recovered from encountering trouble in running to finish second behind Moordyk Ringo. 

English hope Black Banjo took up the mantle of the new competition favourite following a second round victory in a heat that included both Ritas Choice and Bashful Man. Shara Dee and China Sea remained unbeaten.

Bashful Man produced 29.01 victory in the quarter-finals propelling <a href="Ger%20McKenna">Ger McKenna</a>'s charge to the new favourite. Both Romping To Work and Shara Dee were eliminated but Ritas Choice won.

In the first semi-final Bashful Man recorded 29.15 when beating Ritas Choice and Kal's Daisy before Black Banjo wrapped up the second semi-final from Heavy Sleeper and Itsawitch in 29.58.

The final turned out to be one of the most memorable of all time because Bashful Man became the first greyhound to break 29 seconds in a final. He took a rails course at the first bend and overtook fast starter Kal's Daisy, before drawing clear of the field and winning in a time of 28.82, just two spots off the track record set by <a href="1972%20Irish%20Greyhound%20Derby">1972 finalist</a> Ballykilty.


</doc>
<doc id="54799176" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799176" title="Resolute Mountain">
Resolute Mountain

Resolute Mountain is located in <a href="David%20Thompson%20Country">David Thompson Country</a>, western <a href="Alberta">Alberta</a>, <a href="Canada">Canada</a>, 12 km north of <a href="Saskatchewan%20River%20Crossing">Saskatchewan River Crossing</a>. Its line parent is <a href="Mount%20Cline">Mount Cline</a> located 2 kilometers to the east.

Resolute has two main peaks, Lion and Lioness. They are each about 3150 m high. Both peaks are glaciated on their northern slopes. Resolute was first ascended in 1958 by A. Hober and E. Hopkins. The easiest route up Resolute is accessible from <a href="Alberta%20Highway%2011">Alberta Highway 11</a>, where it crosses Thompson creek.


</doc>
<doc id="54799186" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799186" title="Ko Ko Bop Challenge">
Ko Ko Bop Challenge

The Ko Ko Bop Challenge is a <a href="Viral%20video">viral</a> dance trend where people dance the quick hip thrust succession choreography, a signature move of <a href="Exo%20%28band%29">EXO</a>’s song “<a href="Ko%20Ko%20Bop">Ko Ko Bop</a>”. The <a href="hashtag">hashtag</a> "#KoKoBopChallenge" was used for popular <a href="Social%20media">social media platforms</a> such as <a href="Twitter">Twitter</a>, <a href="Instagram">Instagram</a> and Weibo.

Concept.
The challenge focuses on recreating the choreography during the "Down down baby" part of "Ko Ko Bop". <a href="Teen%20Vogue">Teen Vogue</a> explained the move which consists of three basic movements: ""Jumping in the air while kicking your legs behind you and then swaying your arms back and forth."" 

Additionally, people wear costumes or complete the challenge in public places. Some international media outlets compared the trend to the <a href="Harlem%20Shake%20%28meme%29">Harlem Shake</a>.

History.
Creation.
The "Ko Ko Bop Challenge" was created by Sheryse Skinner from Australia on July 24. In an Interview with <a href="BuzzFeed">BuzzFeed</a> she said: ""I was actually talking to my sister about how I only knew the one dance move from the music video and I did it very over-exaggerated for her. She suggested that I just do that one move because I did it so funny and that was all I knew. When I was posting it, my sister also suggested to hashtag it as a challenge just incase anyone decided to do it."" 

The challenge was then featured in a video by Kaotsun's Cover Dance Crew which rapidly spread on social media. As more people uploaded their version of the original dance move, the hashtag became a trending topic on Twitter, resulting in people nominating others to do the #KoKoBopChallenge.

Viral spread.
Between August 8 and August 9, the keyword #KoKoBopChallenge was searched by more than 2 million people and was mentioned around 1,000 times on social media, according to the American trend analysis platform Brand24. The most active social media categories were: Twitter (60.7%), Instagram (30.3%), Facebook (3.8%) and others (1.9%). 

Its popularity has spread in many countries, including Peru, the Philippines, Indonesia, Malaysia , Argentinia, Bolivia, Australia, India, Russia, Europe, South Korea, China and the U.S.



 

External links.
 .

</doc>
<doc id="54799208" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799208" title="Latchford (disambiguation)">
Latchford (disambiguation)

Latchford may refers too :





</doc>
<doc id="54799219" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799219" title="Milestone (music venue)">
Milestone (music venue)

The Milestone is a music venue that opened in 1969, located at 3400 Tuckaseegee Road in <a href="Charlotte">Charlotte</a>, <a href="North%20Carolina">North Carolina</a>. Kurt Cobain once signed his name on the walls. The main room holds around 150 and has an adjacent bar with a small stage. 

History.
Previous owners and managers:

Bill Flowers (open), Penny Craver, Tony Farina, Jeff Lowery, Tim Blong, Phillip Shive, Neal Harper, Johnathan Hughes (current)
1969

The space opened in 1969 at the hands of Bill Flowers. “I designed it off a place I spent some time (at) in San Francisco where if you clapped right you might hear yourself on vinyl next month,” he recalls.

1970's

1980's

90's- early 2000's

The woes for The Milestone started in the late ’90s and early ’00s when Charlotte booking became lean. Bands were starting to hop over Charlotte entirely for trendy locales such as Chapel Hill and Asheville where indie and underground sold. 
Neal Harper and Philip Shive took over ownership and capitalized on the intimacy The Milestone had to offer.




</doc>
<doc id="54799222" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799222" title="Miguel Luís">
Miguel Luís

Miguel Mariz Luís (born 27 February 1999) is a Portuguese <a href="Association%20football">footballer</a> who plays as a <a href="midfielder">midfielder</a> for <a href="Sporting%20Clube%20de%20Portugal%20B">Sporting CP B</a> in <a href="Segunda%20Liga">Segunda Liga</a>.



</doc>
<doc id="54799231" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799231" title="Kate Brown (actress)">
Kate Brown (actress)

Kate Brown is a British actress from <a href="Manchester">Manchester</a>.

She played several television roles, including in Shirley Burscough in <a href="Z-Cars">Z-Cars</a>, Rosie in <a href="The%20Chinese%20Puzzle">The Chinese Puzzle</a>, and <a href="Now%20Take%20My%20Wife">Now Take My Wife</a>.



</doc>
<doc id="54799234" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799234" title="Corbett Park Link Express">
Corbett Park Link Express

The Corbett Park Link Express is an <a href="Superfast/Mail%20Trains%20in%20India">Express</a> train belonging to <a href="North%20Western%20Railway%20zone">North Western Railway zone</a> that runs between <a href="Jaisalmer%20railway%20station">Jaisalmer</a> and <a href="Ramnagar%20railway%20station">Ramnagar</a> in <a href="India">India</a>. It is currently being operated with 25013/25014 train numbers on daily basis.

Service.
The 25013/Corbett Park Link Express has averages speed of 43 km/hr and covers 1217 km in 28h 5m. The 25014/Corbett Park Link Express has averages speed of 48 km/hr and covers 1217 km in 25h 15m.

Route and halts.
The important halts of the train are :

Coach composite.
The train has standard ICF rakes with a max speed of 110 kmph. The train consists of 8 coaches :


Traction.
Both trains are hauled by an <a href="Diesel%20Loco%20Shed%2C%20Izzatnagar">Izzatnagar Loco Shed</a> based <a href="WDP-4D">WDP-4D</a> diesel locomotive from <a href="Jaisalmer">Jaisalmer</a> to <a href="Moradabad">Moradabad</a>. From <a href="Moradabad">Moradabad</a> train is hauled by a <a href="Diesel%20Loco%20Shed%2C%20Tuglakabad">Tuglakabad Loco Shed</a> based <a href="WDM%203A">WDM 3A</a> until <a href="Ramnagar">Ramnagar</a> and vice versa.

Rake Sharing.
The train is attached to <a href="Ranikhet%20Express">Ranikhet Express</a> at <a href="Moradabad">Moradabad</a> and runs as <a href="Ranikhet%20Express">Ranikhet Express</a> until <a href="Jaisalmer">Jaisalmer</a>.




</doc>
<doc id="54799249" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799249" title="Thomas G. Pickering">
Thomas G. Pickering

Thomas G. Pickering, MD, DPhil (1940 to 2009) was a professor of medicine at <a href="Columbia%20University%20College%20of%20Physicians%20and%20Surgeons">College of Physicians and Surgeons</a>, <a href="Columbia%20University%20Medical%20Center">Columbia University Medical Center</a> in <a href="New%20York%20City">New York City</a>.  He was an internationally renowned expert in clinical hypertension and a leader in the fields of hypertension and cardiovascular behavioral medicine. He coined the term “white-coat hypertension” to describe those whose blood pressure was elevated in the doctor’s office, but normal in everyday life, and later published the first editorial describing “masked hypertension” (the opposite phenomenon).

Education.
Dr. Pickering received his Bachelor of Medicine, Bachelor of Surgery at the <a href="University%20of%20Cambridge">University of Cambridge</a> in 1966 followed by Membership of the <a href="Royal%20College%20of%20Physicians">Royal College of Physicians</a> in 1968.  In 1970 he earned his Doctor of Philosophy at the <a href="University%20of%20Oxford">University of Oxford</a> and gained Fellowship of the <a href="Royal%20College%20of%20Physicians">Royal College of Physicians</a> in 1980.

Biography.
Dr. Pickering began his career as house physician and surgeon at the <a href="Middlesex%20Hospital">Middlesex Hospital</a> in <a href="London">London</a> in 1967.  He moved to the <a href="Radcliffe%20Infirmary">Radcliffe Infirmary</a>, <a href="Oxford">Oxford</a> in 1968 to undertake a Medical Research Council Fellowship and then became a registrar within the Nuffield Department of Clinical Medicine.  In 1972 Dr. Pickering took up the position of Assistant Professor at <a href="Rockefeller%20University">Rockefeller University</a> in <a href="New%20York%20City">New York City</a>.  Moving to <a href="Weill%20Cornell%20Medicine">Cornell University Medical School</a> (now Weill Cornell Medicine) in 1974, Dr. Pickering held a number of positions over the next 24 years becoming Director of the Coronary Care Unit in 1981 and Professor of Medicine and Attending Physician in 1985.  Here he undertook a program of research on behavioral aspects of <a href="hypertension">hypertension</a> and <a href="cardiovascular%20disease">cardiovascular disease</a>. Dr. Pickering continued his work as Director of the Integrative and Behavioral Cardiology Program at <a href="Mount%20Sinai%20Hospital%20%28Manhattan%29">Mount Sinai Hospital</a> in <a href="New%20York%20City">New York City</a> in 2000, finally relocating to <a href="Columbia%20University%20Medical%20Center">Columbia University Medical Center</a> in <a href="New%20York%20City">New York City</a> in 2003 to form the Center for Behavioral Cardiovascular Health where he worked until his death in 2009.

Although he participated in a great deal of physiological research early in his career, Dr. Pickering’s research in behavioral determinants and consequences of <a href="hypertension">hypertension</a> formed the heart of the program. Thus, Dr. Pickering was one of the earliest researchers to employ ambulatory blood pressure (ABP) monitoring, and contributed to the knowledge that clinic blood pressure measures are prone to both unsystematic and systematic errors, and are hence less useful for the prediction of target organ damage and adverse cardiovascular events than ABP . In the course of this research, he began to examine the nature of the errors more closely; for example, he was one of the first to identify the phenomenon of "<a href="white%20coat%20hypertension">white coat hypertension</a>", in which patients exhibit poor blood pressure control only in the physician's office, leading to a false diagnosis of <a href="hypertension">hypertension</a> and unnecessary prescription of medication. Dr. Pickering was the Principal Investigator of a <a href="National%20Heart%2C%20Lung%2C%20and%20Blood%20Institute">National Heart Lung and Blood institute</a> Program Project that began in 1993 and has investigated several phenomena related to the behavioral causes and physiological consequences of <a href="hypertension">hypertension</a>, focusing on <a href="white%20coat%20hypertension">white coat hypertension</a>, nocturnal blood pressure "dipping", race differences in PSG-assessed sleep quality and target organ damage,  and the effects of work-related stress on <a href="blood%20pressure">blood pressure</a> and <a href="left%20ventricular%20hypertrophy">left ventricular hypertrophy</a> (LVH). The latter study remains one of the few prospective demonstrations that environmental stress is associated with <a href="hypertension">hypertension</a> and <a href="Left%20ventricular%20hypertrophy">LVH</a>.

Membership and Honors.
Dr. Pickering served as a member and leader of a number of professional organizations at both the national and international levels.  He was President of the Society of Behavioral Medicine, and the Academy of Behavioral Medicine Research.  Dr. Pickering was also a member of the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute’s Task Force on Behavioral Medicine, on the Board of Directors of the <a href="American%20Heart%20Association">American Heart Association</a>, and a member of the Committee on Gulf War and Stress of the <a href="National%20Academy%20of%20Medicine">Institute of Medicine</a>.  He served as Secretary and Program Chair of the American Society of Hypertension, and was on the <a href="Food%20and%20Drug%20Administration">Food and Drug Administration’s</a> Cardio Renal Advisory Board. Dr. Pickering served on the editorial boards of a number of <a href="behavioral%20medicine">behavioral medicine</a> and <a href="cardiology">cardiology</a> journals, being an editor of Blood Pressure Monitoring, a senior editor of Clinical Cardiology Reports, and the Associate Editor in Chief of the Journal of Clinical Hypertension.  

Publications.
Dr. Pickering published over 700 articles in scientific journals as well as 3 books. His research focused on his core belief that much of cardiovascular disease arises from psychosocial factors, and is hence potentially preventable or treatable by modifying these. 
Selected publications; <a href="https%3A//www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/sites/myncbi/louise.falzon.1/collections/52858007/public/">see list</a> of available records in PubMed: 



</doc>
<doc id="54799251" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799251" title="Gouritz River Bridge">
Gouritz River Bridge

The Gouritz River Bridge on the <a href="N2%20road%20%28South%20Africa%29">N2 route</a> between <a href="Cape%20Town">Cape Town</a> and <a href="Port%20Elizabeth">Port Elizabeth</a> is a <a href="Rigid-frame%20bridge">rigid-frame bridge</a> which crosses the <a href="Gouritz%20River">Gouritz River</a> 34km west of <a href="Mossel%20Bay">Mossel Bay</a> in the <a href="Western%20Cape">Western Cape</a>
Structural design.
The total length of the deck is 270m and consists of four spans. A prominent feature of the bridge is the main span which is 105m long supported by two pairs of diagonal reinforced concrete struts founded on abutments 170m apart. The reinforced concrete deck together with two pairs of inclined supports at eastern and western sides of the river form a rigid frame structure. The two spans on the eastern side have a total length of 110m and this section of deck is supported by vertical columns 45m from the end. The deck superstructure consists of a continuous prestressed concrete box girder with deck slabs cantilevered laterally to design width.


</doc>
<doc id="54799254" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799254" title="Bukit Bintang station">
Bukit Bintang station

There are 2 stations named Bukit Bintang, and are located in <a href="Bukit%20Bintang">Bukit Bintang</a>, <a href="Kuala%20Lumpur">Kuala Lumpur</a>, <a href="Malaysia">Malaysia</a>. However, they are different as they are not integrated, run on different lines/systems, are not in the same building and has different branding attached to them.



</doc>
<doc id="54799263" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799263" title="Lifesaving at the 2017 World Games">
Lifesaving at the 2017 World Games

The <a href="Lifesaving">life saving</a> competition at the <a href="2017%20World%20Games">2017 World Games</a> took place from July 21 to July 22, in <a href="Wroc%C5%82aw">Wrocław</a> in <a href="Poland">Poland</a>, at the Orbita Swimming Pool.



</doc>
<doc id="54799264" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799264" title="2017 Tulsa tornado">
2017 Tulsa tornado

The 2017 Tulsa tornado took place on August 6, 2017 near <a href="Tulsa">Tulsa</a>, <a href="Oklahoma">Oklahoma</a>.

Events.
The tornado formed at 1:19 A.M. <a href="Central%20Time%20Zone">CDT</a> (06:19 <a href="Universal%20Coordinated%20Time">UTC</a>) south of East 36th Street South and east of South Harvard Avenue and dissipated just north of <a href="Broken%20Arrow%2C%20Oklahoma">Broken Arrow, Oklahoma</a>. The worst damage along its path was in midtown Tulsa (between South Sheridan Road and South Yale Avenue, near East 41st Street South), where several buildings had their roofs removed and outer walls collapsed. The Remington Tower office building (near Skelly Drive and 41st Street) underwent dramatic facade and window damage. The tornado also caused roof and structural damage to Promenade Mall and impacted infrastructure at the <a href="BOK%20Financial%20Corporation">BOK Financial Corporation</a> operations center (near 41st and Sheridan), rendering its online, mobile and automated telephone systems inoperable. More than 7 people were rescued from <a href="T.G.I.%20Friday%27s">T.G.I. Friday's</a> at 41st and Yale Avenue, after the roof collapsed into the building.

This was the first tornado to hit the Tulsa area in the month of August since 1958 (and only the 3rd to strike the area since 1950), the tornado injured 26 people – with two seriously injured – in the east part of the city. Even with the tornado detectable on radar, the Tulsa County Emergency Management Agency did not begin <a href="civil%20defense%20siren">civil defense siren</a>s in the area because <a href="National%20Weather%20Service%20Tulsa%2C%20Oklahoma">National Weather Service</a> did not issue a <a href="tornado%20warning">tornado warning</a> until 1:25 a.m., after which time an EF1 tornado had entered Broken Arrow, damaging multiple home roofs and several large tree branches. A second EF1 hit east of <a href="Oologah%2C%20Oklahoma">Oologah</a> at 1:32 a.m. CDT (06:32 UTC), damaging several trees, barns and a home, downing multiple telephone poles.


</doc>
<doc id="54799265" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799265" title="Pau Durà">
Pau Durà

Pau Durà (born 1972) is a <a href="Valencian%20Community">Valencia</a>n actor and director of film, theater, and television, known for his roles in "<a href="Merl%C3%AD%20%28TV%20series%29">Merlí</a>" and "<a href="Plats%20bruts">Plats bruts</a>". He received a diploma in interpretation from the Superior School of Dramatic Art at the <a href="Institut%20del%20Teatre">Institut del Teatre</a> in <a href="Barcelona">Barcelona</a>, where he was from 1990 to 1993.

He joined the cast of the <a href="Telecinco">Telecinco</a> series "<a href="7%20vidas">7 vidas</a>" in September 2000, its third season, playing Alex, a brother of Paco (<a href="Javier%20C%C3%A1mara">Javier Cámara</a>). In 2011, he appeared in the <a href="Canal%2B%20%28Spanish%20TV%20channel%29">Canal+</a> series "Crematori", playing Zarrategui, the lawyer for the Bertomeu family. Durà says "Zarrategui is an effective lawyer and is congruent with his goals, is neat, and a little mysterious. I do my job, I love him and I try to do my best as a lawyer, without entering into moral disquisitions."

In 2014, he joined the Telecinco series "El Príncipe", playing Serra, the head of the <a href="Centro%20Nacional%20de%20Inteligencia">CNI</a>. At the time he created the persona, he referenced <a href="Russell%20Crowe">Russell Crowe</a>'s work in the film "<a href="Body%20of%20Lies%20%28film%29">Body of Lies</a>". In 2014, he directed "Un aire de família", by Agnès Jaoui and Jean-Pierre Bacri, at the in Barcelona. It was nominated for 5 <a href="Premios%20Max">Premios Max</a> in 2014, among them Best Director and Best Theater Show, and 7 <a href="Butaca%20Awards">Butaca Awards</a>, among them Best Director and Best Show. It is the Catalan version of "Como en las mejores familias", which Durá acted in 2004 with Javier Cámara, Blanca Portillo, <a href="Julieta%20Serrano">Julieta Serrano</a>, <a href="Nathalie%20Poza">Nathalie Poza</a> and Gonzalo de Castro. That same year, he co-directed "Ulisses in Berlin", by <a href="Francesc%20Sanguino">Francesc Sanguino</a>, at the .

Since September 2015, he has played Toni in the <a href="TV3%20%28Catalonia%29">TV3</a> series "Merlí", the director of the Àngel Guimerà Institute and a work companion of the protagonist, Merlí. In 2017, he directed his first feature film, "Formentera Lady", starring José Sacristan, filmed in <a href="Formentera">Formentera</a>, <a href="D%C3%A9nia">Dénia</a>, <a href="Valencia">Valencia</a>, and Barcelona.



</doc>
<doc id="54799267" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799267" title="Solomon Darwin">
Solomon Darwin

Solomon Darwin is an American professor and the executive director of the Garwood Center for Corporate Innovation at the <a href="Haas%20School%20of%20Business">Haas School of Business</a> at the <a href="University%20of%20California%2C%20Berkeley">University of California, Berkeley</a>. He is known for creating Smart Villages, to empower community by Digital Technologies & <a href="Open%20Innovation">Open Innovation</a> platforms to access global markets.

Biography.
Solomon Darwin is an <a href="adjunct%20professor">adjunct professor</a> and the <a href="executive%20director">executive director</a> of the Garwood Center for Corporate Innovation at the <a href="Haas%20School%20of%20Business">Haas School of Business</a> at the <a href="University%20of%20California%2C%20Berkeley">University of California, Berkeley</a>. He is the Associate Director in Open Innovation and the former Executive Director of Financial Reporting and Management, at the <a href="Haas%20School%20of%20Business">Haas School of Business</a>. Prior to joining <a href="UC%20Berkeley">UC Berkeley</a> he was an Associate Professor at the University of Southern California from 1996 – 2005. He received his B.A. degree from <a href="San%20Francisco%20State%20University">San Francisco State University</a>, his <a href="MBA">MBA</a> from <a href="Golden%20Gate%20University">Golden Gate University</a>, his MCCP from <a href="Harvard%20University">Harvard University</a>, Graduate School of Business. He was awarded an honorary professorship at <a href="Lancaster%20University">Lancaster University</a>, <a href="UK">UK</a> and <a href="Shanghai%20Jai%E2%80%90tong%20University">Shanghai Jai‐tong University</a>, <a href="China">China</a>. Professor Solomon Darwin comes with broad Leadership Experience in Corporate Management & Academia. He is an international speaker and has been recognized by peers and students with numerous awards for his innovative leadership, curriculum development and passion for teaching. As an expert in Open Innovation, he consults and advises senior executives, multinationals and governments around the world. His progressive corporate leadership experience covers a span of 14 years as a Senior Corporate Finance Officer at <a href="Bank%20of%20America">Bank of America</a>, <a href="First%20Interstate%20Bank">First Interstate Bank</a> and <a href="Glendale%20Federal%20Bank">Glendale Federal Bank</a> and <a href="Motorola">Motorola</a>. He is passionate about helping the poor to have access to good education and healthcare. He founded a school (1996) and a hospital (2004) for the poor in India. 

Selected publications.
"Prototyping a Scalable Smart Village to Simultaneously Create Sustainable Development and Enterprise Growth Opportunities" (with <a href="Henry%20Chesbrough">Henry Chesbrough</a>). Harvard Business Review, 2017.

"HCL's Digital Open Innovation: Enhancing Business Model Effectiveness through Talent and Customer Acquisition, Development, and Retention." Harvard Business Review, 2015.

Earth’s CEO & The Balance Sheet of the Earth

Smart Villages.
Solomon Darwin addresses major pain points of rural people living in developing countries by leveraging digital technology and open business models. Under his leadership, the Garwood Center for Corporate Innovation at <a href="UC%20Berkeley">UC Berkeley</a> established its first smart village prototype in India. 

“A Smart Village does not mean bringing in a lot of infrastructure and spending huge money, but empowering people with access to tools, resources, real time transparent information and uninterrupted internet connectivity. Such a village is a self-contained sustainable business model, a platform, an ecosystem, a brand and a caring community.” Solomon Darwin, 2016. 

The Garwood Center for Corporate Innovation at <a href="UC%20Berkeley">UC Berkeley</a> has developed a process to prototype a Smart Village in collaboration with the Government of <a href="India">India</a>. In 2015, over 22 technology firms from around the world participated in prototyping a smart scalable village to serve as a model for rest of the 650,000 Indian villages in India. An actual village called “Mori” was prototyped. A co-innovation area was set-up for villagers to engage with technology firms such as <a href="Google">Google</a>, <a href="IBM">IBM</a>, <a href="Qualcomm">Qualcomm</a>, <a href="Ericsson">Ericsson</a>, <a href="Cisco">Cisco</a>, <a href="Microsoft">Microsoft</a>, <a href="Tyco">Tyco</a> and others. In the long run, the smart villages approach empowers villages to change and to gain independent economic growth by technology and <a href="Open%20Innovation">Open Innovation</a> business models.

Teaching Open Innovation.
Courses at UC Berkeley.
As an expert in <a href="Open%20Innovation">Open Innovation</a>, Solomon Darwin teaches <a href="Open%20Innovation">Open Innovation</a> to students in various fields. "Prototyping scalable smart villages in scalable economies" and "Creating smart villages leveraging open innovation" are project based classes, which build on the actual smart villages project in <a href="India">India</a>. Students are giving back ideas to the companies <a href="UC%20Berkeley">UC Berkeley</a> is collaborating with as well as providing foundation for the project and for future students that will work on similar projects. In addition, he teaches "Building smart cities leveraging Open Innovation" and "Open Innovation leveraging <a href="IBM%20Watson">IBM Watson</a>" and was among the first to provide hands-on access to the cutting-edge Watson technology, enabling students to develop innovative ideas to solve the most pressing problems of industry and society.

Open Innovation Consulting.
Solomon Darwin consults and advises senior executives, multinationals and governments around the world. The list includes: <a href="Google">Google</a>, <a href="Genentech">Genentech</a>, <a href="Hewlett%20Packard">Hewlett Packard</a>, <a href="HealthNet">HealthNet</a>, <a href="J%26amp%3BJ">J&J</a>,<a href="Toyota">Toyota</a>, NHS of UK, UCSF, Startups among other <a href="Silicon%20Valley">Silicon Valley</a> companies including governmental entities in <a href="Mexico">Mexico</a>, <a href="China">China</a>, <a href="Russia">Russia</a>, <a href="India">India</a> and <a href="Europe">Europe</a>. He directs and moderates International Innovation Conferences, Forums, and chairs quarterly Chief Innovation Officer Round Tables in the <a href="Silicon%20Valley">Silicon Valley</a>.



</doc>
<doc id="54799269" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799269" title="Gloria Montero">
Gloria Montero

Gloria Montero (b. 1933) is a writer and documentary filmmaker.

Montero was born to Spanish immigrants in Australia. She lived in Toronto from 1955 to 1978. As of 1973, Montero was the Executive-secretary of the Canadian Committee for a Democratic Spain, and as of 1975, its President. The organization opposed fascism in the country.

Her book "The Immigrants" (1977) included pieces of interviews with over 400 people, talking about their experiences. The same year, she hosted a series for CBC Radio called "The Music of Spain". A second series, spanning 13 weeks, aired in 1980.

Montero and David Fulton moved from 1978. As of 1980, they were known to have been living in the old quarter of Barcelona, Spain with their teenaged son, Miguel. Her daughter, actress <a href="Allegra%20Fulton">Allegra Fulton</a>, stayed in Canada. She would later star in her mother's one-woman show "Frida K.", about <a href="Frida%20Kahlo">Frida Kahlo</a> at the 1994 <a href="Fringe%20of%20Toronto%20Festival">Fringe of Toronto Festival</a>. The production was "The Globe and Mail" critic's second favourite production that year.

In 1980, she released the book "We Stood Together", a history of Canadian trade unions. She was working on a book about Canadians in the Spanish Civil War.

The <a href="Archives%20of%20Ontario">Archives of Ontario</a> has preserved four of her documentary films in its holdings as the Gloria Montero and David Fulton fonds (F 4368, 1975-1984).

As of 1980, she was known to be friends of pianist <a href="Jordi%20Sabates">Jordi Sabates</a> and <a href="Tete%20Montoliu">Tete Montoliu</a>.


</doc>
<doc id="54799284" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799284" title="Diogo Costa">
Diogo Costa

Diogo Meireles Costa (born 19 September 1999) is a Portuguese <a href="Association%20football">footballer</a> who plays as a <a href="Goalkeeper%20%28association%20football%29">Goalkeeper</a> for <a href="FC%20Porto">Porto B</a> in <a href="Segunda%20Liga">Segunda Liga</a>.



</doc>
<doc id="54799300" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799300" title="College of Community Science">
College of Community Science

College of Community Science (CCSc), formerly College of Home Science (CHSc), is a college in <a href="Bikaner">Bikaner</a>, <a href="Rajasthan">Rajasthan</a>, <a href="India">India</a> affiliated by <a href="Swami%20Keshwanand%20Rajasthan%20Agricultural%20University">Swami Keshwanand Rajasthan Agricultural University</a>, Bikaner. It was established in year 1988.



</doc>
<doc id="54799311" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799311" title="2017–18 Maltese FA Trophy">
2017–18 Maltese FA Trophy

The 2017–18 <a href="Maltese%20FA%20Trophy">Maltese FA Trophy</a> will be the 80th version of the <a href="Association%20football">football</a> tournament. The winners of the trophy will earn a place in the 2018–19 Europa League and would begin play in the <a href="2018%E2%80%9319%20UEFA%20Europa%20League%23First%20qualifying%20round">first qualifying round</a>. Sixty–four clubs will participate in this season's cup competition.

<a href="Floriana%20F.C.">Floriana</a> are the defending champions after winning the cup in the previous season by defeating <a href="Sliema%20Wanderers%20F.C.">Sliema Wanderers</a> in the final by the score of 2–0.

Format.
The Maltese FA Trophy this season will be a single elimination tournament between 64 clubs. Matches which are level after regulation will advance to extra time and afterwards to penalties to determine a winner, if needed.

Preliminary round.
Five preliminary round matches will be played on 2–3 September 2017. The draw for the preliminary, first, and second rounds was held 7 August 2017.

First round.
Nine first round matches will be played on 8–10 September 2017. The draw for the preliminary, first, and second rounds was held 7 August 2017.

Second round.
Eighteen second round matches will be played on 20–22 October 2017. The draw for the preliminary, first, and second rounds was held 7 August 2017. All teams from <a href="Maltese%20First%20Division">Maltese First Division</a> and <a href="Maltese%20Second%20Division">Maltese Second Division</a> enter in Second round.




</doc>
<doc id="54799319" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799319" title="List of birds of Grand Teton National Park">
List of birds of Grand Teton National Park

This is a comprehensive listing of all the bird species recorded in <a href="Grand%20Teton%20National%20Park">Grand Teton National Park</a>, which is in the <a href="U.S.%20state">U.S. state</a> of <a href="Wyoming">Wyoming</a>. This list is based on one published by the National Park Service (NPS). Since the NPS list was compiled, 13 species have been added through eBird.

This list is presented in the <a href="taxonomic%20sequence">taxonomic sequence</a> of the "Check-list of North American Birds", 7th edition through the 58th Supplement, published by the <a href="American%20Ornithological%20Society">American Ornithological Society</a> (AOS). Common and scientific names are also those of the "Check-list".

This list contains 276 species. Unless otherwise noted, all are considered to occur regularly in Grand Teton National Park as permanent residents, summer or winter visitors, or migrants. The tags below are used to designate the abundance of some species.


Ducks, geese, and waterfowl.
Order: <a href="Anseriformes">Anseriformes</a>Family: <a href="Anatidae">Anatidae</a>

The family Anatidae includes the ducks and most duck-like waterfowl, such as geese and swans. These birds are adapted to an aquatic existence with webbed feet, bills which are flattened to a greater or lesser extent, and feathers that are excellent at shedding water due to special oils.


Pheasants, grouse, and allies.
Order: <a href="Galliformes">Galliformes</a>Family: <a href="Phasianidae">Phasianidae</a>

Phasianidae consists of the pheasants and their allies. These are terrestrial species, variable in size but generally plump with broad relatively short wings. Many species are gamebirds or have been domesticated as a food source for humans.


Grebes.
Order: <a href="Podicipediformes">Podicipediformes</a>Family: <a href="Podicipedidae">Podicipedidae</a>

Grebes are small to medium-large freshwater diving birds. They have lobed toes and are excellent swimmers and divers. However, they have their feet placed far back on the body, making them quite ungainly on land.


Pigeons and doves.
Order: <a href="Columbiformes">Columbiformes</a>Family: <a href="Columbidae">Columbidae</a>

Pigeons and doves are stout-bodied birds with short necks and short slender bills with a fleshy cere.


Cuckoos.
Order: <a href="Cuculiformes">Cuculiformes</a>Family: <a href="Cuculidae">Cuculidae</a>

The family Cuculidae includes cuckoos, roadrunners, and anis. These birds are of variable size with slender bodies, long tails, and strong legs.


Nightjars and allies.
Order: <a href="Caprimulgiformes">Caprimulgiformes</a>Family: <a href="Caprimulgidae">Caprimulgidae</a>

Nightjars are medium-sized nocturnal birds that usually nest on the ground. They have long wings, short legs, and very short bills. Most have small feet, of little use for walking, and long pointed wings. Their soft plumage is cryptically colored to resemble bark or leaves.


Swifts.
Order: <a href="Apodiformes">Apodiformes</a>Family: <a href="Apodidae">Apodidae</a>

The swifts are small birds which spend the majority of their lives flying. These birds have very short legs and never settle voluntarily on the ground, perching instead only on vertical surfaces. Many swifts have very long, swept-back wings which resemble a crescent or boomerang.


Hummingbirds.
Order: <a href="Apodiformes">Apodiformes</a>Family: <a href="Trochilidae">Trochilidae</a>

Hummingbirds are small birds capable of hovering in mid-air due to the rapid flapping of their wings. They are the only birds that can fly backwards.


Rails, gallinules, and coots.
Order: <a href="Gruiformes">Gruiformes</a>Family: <a href="Rallidae">Rallidae</a>

Rallidae is a large family of small to medium-sized birds which includes the rails, crakes, coots, and gallinules. The most typical family members occupy dense vegetation in damp environments near lakes, swamps, or rivers. In general they are shy and secretive birds, making them difficult to observe. Most species have strong legs and long toes which are well adapted to soft uneven surfaces. They tend to have short, rounded wings and tend to be weak fliers.


Cranes.
Order: <a href="Gruiformes">Gruiformes</a>Family: <a href="Gruidae">Gruidae</a>

Cranes are large, long-legged, and long-necked birds. Unlike the similar-looking but unrelated herons, cranes fly with necks outstretched, not pulled back. Most have elaborate and noisy courting displays or "dances".


Stilts and avocets.
Order: <a href="Charadriiformes">Charadriiformes</a>Family: <a href="Recurvirostridae">Recurvirostridae</a>

Recurvirostridae is a family of large wading birds which includes the avocets and stilts. The avocets have long legs and long up-curved bills. The stilts have extremely long legs and long, thin, straight bills.


Lapwings and plovers.
Order: <a href="Charadriiformes">Charadriiformes</a>Family: <a href="Charadriidae">Charadriidae</a>

The family Charadriidae includes the plovers, dotterels, and lapwings. They are small to medium-sized birds with compact bodies, short thick necks, and long, usually pointed, wings. They are found in open country worldwide, mostly in habitats near water.


Sandpipers and allies.
Order: <a href="Charadriiformes">Charadriiformes</a>Family: <a href="Scolopacidae">Scolopacidae</a>

Scolopacidae is a large diverse family of small to medium-sized shorebirds including the sandpipers, curlews, godwits, shanks, tattlers, woodcocks, snipes, dowitchers, and phalaropes. The majority of these species eat small invertebrates picked out of the mud or soil. Different lengths of legs and bills enable multiple species to feed in the same habitat, particularly on the coast, without direct competition for food.

Jaegers.
Order: <a href="Charadriiformes">Charadriiformes</a>Family: <a href="Stercorariidae">Stercorariidae</a>

Skuas and jaegers are in general medium to large birds, typically with gray or brown plumage, often with white markings on the wings. They have longish bills with hooked tips and webbed feet with sharp claws. They look like large dark gulls, but have a fleshy <a href="cere">cere</a> above the upper mandible. They are strong, acrobatic fliers.


Gulls, terns, and skimmers.
Order: <a href="Charadriiformes">Charadriiformes</a>Family: <a href="Laridae">Laridae</a>

Laridae is a family of medium to large seabirds and includes gulls, terns, kittiwakes, and skimmers. They are typically gray or white, often with black markings on the head or wings. They have stout, longish bills and webbed feet.


Loons.
Order: <a href="Gaviiformes">Gaviiformes</a>Family: <a href="Gaviidae">Gaviidae</a>

Loons are aquatic birds the size of a large duck, to which they are unrelated. Their plumage is largely gray or black, and they have spear-shaped bills. Loons swim well and fly adequately, but are almost hopeless on land, because their legs are placed towards the rear of the body.


Cormorants.
Order: <a href="Suliformes">Suliformes</a>Family: <a href="Phalacrocoracidae">Phalacrocoracidae</a>

Cormorants are medium-to-large aquatic birds, usually with mainly dark plumage and areas of colored skin on the face. The bill is long, thin, and sharply hooked. Their feet are four-toed and webbed.


Pelicans.
Order: <a href="Pelecaniformes">Pelecaniformes</a>Family: <a href="Pelecanidae">Pelecanidae</a>

Pelicans are very large water birds with a distinctive pouch under their beak. Like other birds in the order Pelecaniformes, they have four webbed toes.


Bitterns, herons, and egrets.
Order: <a href="Pelecaniformes">Pelecaniformes</a>Family: <a href="Ardeidae">Ardeidae</a>

The family Ardeidae contains the herons, egrets, and bitterns. Herons and egrets are medium to large wading birds with long necks and legs. Bitterns tend to be shorter necked and more secretive. Members of Ardeidae fly with their necks retracted, unlike other long-necked birds such as storks, ibises, and spoonbills.


Ibises and spoonbills.
Order: <a href="Pelecaniformes">Pelecaniformes</a>Family: <a href="Threskiornithidae">Threskiornithidae</a>

The family Threskiornithidae includes the ibises and spoonbills. They have long, broad wings. Their bodies tend to be elongated, the neck more so, with rather long legs. The bill is also long, decurved in the case of the ibises, straight and distinctively flattened in the spoonbills.


New World vultures.
Order: <a href="Cathartiformes">Cathartiformes</a>Family: <a href="Cathartidae">Cathartidae</a>

The New World vultures are not closely related to Old World vultures, but superficially resemble them because of <a href="convergent%20evolution">convergent evolution</a>. Like the Old World vultures, they are scavengers, however, unlike Old World vultures, which find carcasses by sight, New World vultures have a good sense of smell with which they locate <a href="Carrion">carcasses</a>.


Osprey.
Order: <a href="Accipitriformes">Accipitriformes</a>Family: <a href="Pandionidae">Pandionidae</a>

Pandionidae is a family of fish-eating birds of prey possessing a very large, powerful hooked beak for tearing flesh from their prey, strong legs, powerful talons, and keen eyesight. The family is <a href="monotypic">monotypic</a>.


Hawks, kites, and eagles.
Order: <a href="Accipitriformes">Accipitriformes</a>Family: <a href="Accipitridae">Accipitridae</a>

Accipitridae is a family of birds of prey which includes hawks, eagles, kites, harriers, and Old World vultures. These birds have very large powerful hooked beaks for tearing flesh from their prey, strong legs, powerful talons, and keen eyesight. 


Barn-owls.
Order: <a href="Strigiformes">Strigiformes</a>Family: <a href="Tytonidae">Tytonidae</a>

Barn-owls are medium to large owls with large heads and characteristic heart-shaped faces. They have long strong legs with powerful talons.


Typical owls.
Order: <a href="Strigiformes">Strigiformes</a>Family: <a href="Strigidae">Strigidae</a>

Typical owls are small to large solitary nocturnal birds of prey. They have large forward-facing eyes and ears, a hawk-like beak, and a conspicuous circle of feathers around each eye called a facial disk.


Kingfishers.
Order: <a href="Coraciiformes">Coraciiformes</a>Family: <a href="Alcedinidae">Alcedinidae</a>

Kingfishers are medium-sized birds with large heads, long pointed bills, short legs, and stubby tails.


Woodpeckers.
Order: <a href="Piciformes">Piciformes</a>Family: <a href="Picidae">Picidae</a>

Woodpeckers are small to medium-sized birds with chisel-like beaks, short legs, stiff tails, and long tongues used for capturing insects. Some species have feet with two toes pointing forward and two backward, while several species have only three toes. Many woodpeckers have the habit of tapping noisily on tree trunks with their beaks. 


Caracaras and falcons.
Order: <a href="Falconiformes">Falconiformes</a>Family: <a href="Falconidae">Falconidae</a>

Falconidae is a family of diurnal birds of prey, notably the falcons and caracaras. They differ from hawks, eagles, and kites in that they kill with their beaks instead of their talons.


Tyrant flycatchers.
Order: <a href="Passeriformes">Passeriformes</a>Family: <a href="Tyrannidae">Tyrannidae</a>

Tyrant flycatchers are Passerine birds which occur throughout North and South America. They superficially resemble the Old World flycatchers, but are more robust and have stronger bills. They do not have the sophisticated vocal capabilities of the songbirds. Most, but not all, are rather plain. As the name implies, most are insectivorous.


Shrikes.
Order: <a href="Passeriformes">Passeriformes</a>Family: <a href="Laniidae">Laniidae</a>

Shrikes are passerine birds known for their habit of catching other birds and small animals and impaling the uneaten portions of their bodies on thorns. A shrike's beak is hooked, like that of a typical bird of prey.


Vireos.
Order: <a href="Passeriformes">Passeriformes</a>Family: <a href="Vireonidae">Vireonidae</a>

The vireos are a group of small to medium-sized passerine birds restricted to the New World. They are typically greenish in color and resemble wood warblers apart from their heavier bills.


Jays, crows, magpies, and ravens.
Order: <a href="Passeriformes">Passeriformes</a>Family: <a href="Corvidae">Corvidae</a>

The family Corvidae includes crows, ravens, jays, choughs, magpies, treepies, nutcrackers, and ground jays. Corvids are above average in size among the Passeriformes, and some of the larger species show high levels of intelligence.


Larks.
Order: <a href="Passeriformes">Passeriformes</a>Family: <a href="Alaudidae">Alaudidae</a>

Larks are small terrestrial birds with often extravagant songs and display flights. Most larks are fairly dull in appearance. Their food is insects and seeds


Swallows and martins.
Order: <a href="Passeriformes">Passeriformes</a>Family: <a href="Hirundinidae">Hirundinidae</a>

The family Hirundinidae is adapted to aerial feeding. They have a slender streamlined body, long pointed wings, and a short bill with a wide gape. The feet are adapted to perching rather than walking, and the front toes are partially joined at the base. 


Chickadees and titmice.
Order: <a href="Passeriformes">Passeriformes</a>Family: <a href="Paridae">Paridae</a>

The Paridae are mainly small stocky woodland species with short stout bills. Some have crests. They are adaptable birds, with a mixed diet including seeds and insects.


Nuthatches.
Order: <a href="Passeriformes">Passeriformes</a>Family: <a href="Sittidae">Sittidae</a>

Nuthatches are small woodland birds. They have the unusual ability to climb down trees head first, unlike other birds which can only go upwards. Nuthatches have big heads, short tails, and powerful bills and feet.


Treecreepers.
Order: <a href="Passeriformes">Passeriformes</a>Family: <a href="Certhiidae">Certhiidae</a>

Treecreepers are small woodland birds, brown above and white below. They have thin pointed down-curved bills, which they use to extricate insects from bark. They have stiff tail feathers, like woodpeckers, which they use to support themselves on vertical trees.


Wrens.
Order: <a href="Passeriformes">Passeriformes</a>Family: <a href="Troglodytidae">Troglodytidae</a>

Wrens are small and inconspicuous birds, except for their loud songs. They have short wings and thin down-turned bills. Several species often hold their tails upright. All are insectivorous.


Gnatcatchers.
Order: <a href="Passeriformes">Passeriformes</a>Family: <a href="Polioptilidae">Polioptilidae</a>

These dainty birds resemble <a href="Old%20World%20warbler">Old World warbler</a>s in their structure and habits, moving restlessly through the foliage seeking insects. The gnatcatchers are mainly soft bluish gray in color and have the typical insectivore's long sharp bill. Many species have distinctive black head patterns (especially males) and long, regularly cocked, black-and-white tails.


Dippers.
Order: <a href="Passeriformes">Passeriformes</a>Family: <a href="Cinclidae">Cinclidae</a>

Dippers are small, stout, birds that feed in cold, fast moving streams.


Kinglets.
Order: <a href="Passeriformes">Passeriformes</a>Family: <a href="Regulidae">Regulidae</a>

The kinglets are a small family of birds which resemble the titmice. They are very small insectivorous birds in the genus "Regulus". The adults have colored crowns, giving rise to their names.


Thrushes.
Order: <a href="Passeriformes">Passeriformes</a>Family: <a href="Turdidae">Turdidae</a>

The thrushes are a group of passerine birds that occur mainly but not exclusively in the Old World. They are plump, soft plumaged, small to medium-sized insectivores or sometimes omnivores, often feeding on the ground. Many have attractive songs.


Mockingbirds and thrashers.
Order: <a href="Passeriformes">Passeriformes</a>Family: <a href="Mimidae">Mimidae</a>

The mimids are a family of passerine birds which includes thrashers, mockingbirds, tremblers, and the New World catbirds. These birds are notable for their vocalization, especially their remarkable ability to mimic a wide variety of birds and other sounds heard outdoors. The species tend towards dull grays and browns in their appearance. 


Starlings.
Order: <a href="Passeriformes">Passeriformes</a>Family: <a href="Sturnidae">Sturnidae</a>

Starlings are small to medium-sized passerine birds. They are medium-sized passerines with strong feet. Their flight is strong and direct and they are very gregarious. Their preferred habitat is fairly open country, and they eat insects and fruit. Plumage is typically dark with a metallic sheen.


Waxwings.
Order: <a href="Passeriformes">Passeriformes</a>Family: <a href="Bombycillidae">Bombycillidae</a>

The waxwings are a group of passerine birds with soft silky plumage and unique red tips to some of the wing feathers. In the Bohemian and cedar waxwings, these tips look like <a href="sealing%20wax">sealing wax</a> and give the group its name. These are arboreal birds of northern forests. They live on insects in summer and berries in winter.


Old World sparrows.
Order: <a href="Passeriformes">Passeriformes</a>Family: <a href="Passeridae">Passeridae</a>

Old World sparrows are small passerine birds. In general, sparrows tend to be small plump brownish or grayish birds with short tails and short powerful beaks. Sparrows are seed eaters, but they also consume small insects.


Wagtails and pipits.
Order: <a href="Passeriformes">Passeriformes</a>Family: <a href="Motacillidae">Motacillidae</a>

Motacillidae is a family of small passerine birds with medium to long tails. They include the wagtails, longclaws, and pipits. They are slender ground-feeding insectivores of open country.


Finches.
Order: <a href="Passeriformes">Passeriformes</a>Family: <a href="Fringillidae">Fringillidae</a>

Finches are seed-eating passerine birds, that are small to moderately large and have a strong beak, usually conical and in some species very large. All have twelve tail feathers and nine primaries. These birds have a bouncing flight with alternating bouts of flapping and gliding on closed wings, and most sing well.


Longspurs and snow buntings.
Order: <a href="Passeriformes">Passeriformes</a>Family: <a href="Calcariidae">Calcariidae</a>

The Calcariidae are a group of passerine birds that were traditionally grouped with the New World sparrows, but differ in a number of respects and are usually found in open grassy areas.


New World sparrows.
Order: <a href="Passeriformes">Passeriformes</a>Family: <a href="Passerellidae">Passerellidae</a>

Until 2017, these species were considered part of the family Emberizidae. Most of the species are known as sparrows, but these birds are not closely related to the Old World sparrows which are in the family Passeridae. Many of these have distinctive head patterns.


Yellow-breasted chat.
Order: <a href="Passeriformes">Passeriformes</a>Family: <a href="Icteriidae">Icteriidae</a>

This species was historically placed in the wood-warblers (Parulidae) but nonetheless most authorities were unsure if it belonged there. It was placed in its own family in 2017.


Icterids.
Order: <a href="Passeriformes">Passeriformes</a>Family: <a href="Icteridae">Icteridae</a>

The icterids are a group of small to medium-sized, often colorful passerine birds restricted to the New World and include the grackles, New World blackbirds, and New World orioles. Most species have black as a predominant plumage color, often enlivened by yellow, orange, or red.


Wood-warblers.
Order: <a href="Passeriformes">Passeriformes</a>Family: <a href="Parulidae">Parulidae</a>

The wood-warblers are a group of small often colorful passerine birds restricted to the New World. Most are arboreal, but some like the <a href="ovenbird">ovenbird</a> and the two <a href="waterthrush">waterthrush</a>es, are more terrestrial. Most members of this family are insectivores. 


Cardinals and allies.
Order: <a href="Passeriformes">Passeriformes</a>Family: <a href="Cardinalidae">Cardinalidae</a>

The cardinals are a family of robust, seed-eating birds with strong bills. They are typically associated with open woodland. The sexes usually have distinct plumages. 





</doc>
<doc id="54799337" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799337" title="Mitchell House (Lebanon, Tennessee)">
Mitchell House (Lebanon, Tennessee)

The Mitchell House is a Neo-Classical Revival Style building in <a href="Lebanon%2C%20Tennessee">Lebanon, Tennessee</a> that was built as a home by Dr. David Mitchell and his wife, Elizabeth. It was designed by architects Thompson, Gibel & Asmus. Construction began in 1906 and was completed in 1910 with 10,600 square feet of living space. At the time, Dr. Mitchell was the president of <a href="Cumberland%20University">Cumberland University</a> and a co-founder of <a href="Castle%20Heights%20Military%20Academy">Castle Heights Military Academy</a>. Craftsmen were brought in to work on the extensive millwork and wood panelings and floors. Chandeliers were imported from <a href="Italy">Italy</a> and rugs were imported from <a href="Austria">Austria</a>.

While the Mitchells lived in the home it was used for many community events and weddings. In 1919 there was a <a href="typhoid">typhoid</a> outbreak in the area and both of the Mitchell’s children became sick. Mrs. Mitchell nursed them both back to health before becoming ill with the disease herself. She died three days later at the age of 42. Dr. Mitchell was heartbroken and moved to <a href="California">California</a>, leaving his children in the care of their maternal grandparents, Rev. and Mrs. Arthur Smith. They lived in the house until 1923 before moving the children to <a href="Florida">Florida</a>. The home would stay empty until 1936.

While living in California, Dr. Mitchell deeded the house to his children to keep it from being foreclosed on by creditors. The children would never live in the house and sold it to Castle Heights Military Academy in 1936.

Castle Heights turned the home into a junior school. The upstairs was remodeled into living quarters for the students and the downstairs was turned into classrooms. During this time a kitchen, restrooms, and an apartment were added to the building which increased its size to 11,500 square feet and it became known as MacFadden Hall. The boys who lived in the hall were known as goobers and the house was called Goober School by the students. The building would remain a junior school for fifty years, until the academy closed in 1986.

After the closure of Castle Heights, the house would be abandoned for twelve years until it was purchased by <a href="Cracker%20Barrel%20Old%20Country%20Store%2C%20Inc.">Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc.</a> in 1997. Cracker Barrel’s founder, <a href="Dan%20Evins">Dan Evins</a>, was a graduate of Castle Heights and had served as chairman of the board of directors for the school while his son attended it.

Evins and Cracker Barrel set about restoring the home and found the original construction drawings. The drawings did not have details for the inside of the building so the restoration crew had to use old photos they found in yearbooks and newspapers as well as memories of former students and teachers. The restoration took less than a year to complete even though many windows, panels, and ceilings, as well as the porches, had to be replaced. Mike Manous was the architect who oversaw the restoration with a budget of $2 million.

After the restoration the building became the home of Cracker Barrel Old Country Store Corporate Headquarters (CBRL Group, Inc.).

In 2013, Cracker Barrel sold the building to <a href="Sigma%20Pi">Sigma Pi Fraternity</a> which currently uses the building as its international headquarters. No purchase amount was made public but the house had been listed for $1,095,000 on loopnet.com. The fraternity has a museum and meeting spaces on the first floor with offices located on the second floor.

The building was listed as a historic landmark by the State of Tennessee and the <a href="National%20Register%20of%20Historic%20Places">National Register of Historic Places</a> in 1979.


</doc>
<doc id="54799339" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799339" title="Facklamia miroungae">
Facklamia miroungae

Facklamia miroungae is a <a href="Gram-positive">Gram-positive</a> and facultatively <a href="Anaerobic%20organism">anaerobic</a> bacteria from the family of "<a href="Facklamia">Facklamia</a>" which has been isolated from the nasal cavity of a southern elephant seal (<a href="Mirounga%20leonina">Mirounga leonina</a>).


</doc>
<doc id="54799346" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799346" title="List of birds of Mount Rainier National Park">
List of birds of Mount Rainier National Park

This is a comprehensive listing of all the bird species recorded in <a href="Mount%20Rainier%20National%20Park">Mount Rainier National Park</a>, which is in the <a href="U.S.%20state">U.S. state</a> of <a href="Washington%20%28state%29">Washington</a>. This list is based on one published by the National Park Service (NPS). Since the NPS list was compiled, 18 species have been added through eBird.

This list is presented in the <a href="taxonomic%20sequence">taxonomic sequence</a> of the "Check-list of North American Birds", 7th edition through the 58th Supplement, published by the <a href="American%20Ornithological%20Society">American Ornithological Society</a> (AOS). Common and scientific names are also those of the "Check-list".

This list contains 185 species. Unless otherwise noted, all are considered to occur regularly in Mount Rainier National Park as permanent residents, summer or winter visitors, or migrants. The tags below are used to designate the abundance of some species. 


Ducks, geese, and waterfowl.
Order: <a href="Anseriformes">Anseriformes</a>Family: <a href="Anatidae">Anatidae</a>

The family Anatidae includes the ducks and most duck-like waterfowl, such as geese and swans. These birds are adapted to an aquatic existence with webbed feet, bills which are flattened to a greater or lesser extent, and feathers that are excellent at shedding water due to special oils.


New World quail.
Order: <a href="Galliformes">Galliformes</a>Family: <a href="Odontophoridae">Odontophoridae</a>

The New World quails are small, plump terrestrial birds only distantly related to the quails of the Old World, but named for their similar appearance and habits. 


Pheasants, grouse, and allies.
Order: <a href="Galliformes">Galliformes</a>Family: <a href="Phasianidae">Phasianidae</a>

Phasianidae consists of the pheasants and their allies. These are terrestrial species, variable in size but generally plump with broad relatively short wings. Many species are gamebirds or have been domesticated as a food source for humans. 


Grebes.
Order: <a href="Podicipediformes">Podicipediformes</a>Family: <a href="Podicipedidae">Podicipedidae</a>

Grebes are small to medium-large freshwater diving birds. They have lobed toes and are excellent swimmers and divers. However, they have their feet placed far back on the body, making them quite ungainly on land.


Pigeons and doves.
Order: <a href="Columbiformes">Columbiformes</a>Family: <a href="Columbidae">Columbidae</a>

Pigeons and doves are stout-bodied birds with short necks and short slender bills with a fleshy cere.


Nightjars and allies.
Order: <a href="Caprimulgiformes">Caprimulgiformes</a>Family: <a href="Caprimulgidae">Caprimulgidae</a>

Nightjars are medium-sized nocturnal birds that usually nest on the ground. They have long wings, short legs, and very short bills. Most have small feet, of little use for walking, and long pointed wings. Their soft plumage is cryptically colored to resemble bark or leaves.


Swifts.
Order: <a href="Apodiformes">Apodiformes</a>Family: <a href="Apodidae">Apodidae</a>

The swifts are small birds which spend the majority of their lives flying. These birds have very short legs and never settle voluntarily on the ground, perching instead only on vertical surfaces. Many swifts have very long, swept-back wings which resemble a crescent or boomerang.


Hummingbirds.
Order: <a href="Apodiformes">Apodiformes</a>Family: <a href="Trochilidae">Trochilidae</a>

Hummingbirds are small birds capable of hovering in mid-air due to the rapid flapping of their wings. They are the only birds that can fly backwards.


Rails, gallinules, and coots.
Order: <a href="Gruiformes">Gruiformes</a>Family: <a href="Rallidae">Rallidae</a>

Rallidae is a large family of small to medium-sized birds which includes the rails, crakes, coots, and gallinules. The most typical family members occupy dense vegetation in damp environments near lakes, swamps, or rivers. In general they are shy and secretive birds, making them difficult to observe. Most species have strong legs and long toes which are well adapted to soft uneven surfaces. They tend to have short, rounded wings and tend to be weak fliers.


Plovers and lapwings.
Order: <a href="Charadriiformes">Charadriiformes</a>Family: <a href="Charadriidae">Charadriidae</a>

The family Charadriidae includes the plovers, dotterels, and lapwings. They are small to medium-sized birds with compact bodies, short thick necks, and long, usually pointed, wings. They are found in open country worldwide, mostly in habitats near water.


Sandpipers and allies.
Order: <a href="Charadriiformes">Charadriiformes</a>Family: <a href="Scolopacidae">Scolopacidae</a>

Scolopacidae is a large diverse family of small to medium-sized shorebirds including the sandpipers, curlews, godwits, shanks, tattlers, woodcocks, snipes, dowitchers, and phalaropes. The majority of these species eat small invertebrates picked out of the mud or soil. Different lengths of legs and bills enable multiple species to feed in the same habitat, particularly on the coast, without direct competition for food. 


Auks, murres, and puffins.
Order: <a href="Charadriiformes">Charadriiformes</a>Family: <a href="Alcidae">Alcidae</a>

The family Alcidae includes auks, murres, and puffins. These are short winged birds that live on the open sea and normally only come ashore for breeding.


Gulls, terns, and skimmers.
Order: <a href="Charadriiformes">Charadriiformes</a>Family: <a href="Laridae">Laridae</a>

Laridae is a family of medium to large seabirds and includes gulls, terns, kittiwakes, and skimmers. They are typically gray or white, often with black markings on the head or wings. They have stout, longish bills and webbed feet.


Loons.
Order: <a href="Gaviiformes">Gaviiformes</a>Family: <a href="Gaviidae">Gaviidae</a>

Loons are aquatic birds the size of a large duck, to which they are unrelated. Their plumage is largely gray or black, and they have spear-shaped bills. Loons swim well and fly adequately, but are almost hopeless on land, because their legs are placed towards the rear of the body.


Cormorants.
Order: <a href="Suliformes">Suliformes</a>Family: <a href="Phalacrocoracidae">Phalacrocoracidae</a>

Cormorants are medium-to-large aquatic birds, usually with mainly dark plumage and areas of colored skin on the face. The bill is long, thin, and sharply hooked. Their feet are four-toed and webbed.


Herons, egrets, and bitterns.
Order: <a href="Pelecaniformes">Pelecaniformes</a>Family: <a href="Ardeidae">Ardeidae</a>

The family Ardeidae contains the herons, egrets, and bitterns. Herons and egrets are medium to large wading birds with long necks and legs. Bitterns tend to be shorter necked and more secretive. Members of Ardeidae fly with their necks retracted, unlike other long-necked birds such as storks, ibises, and spoonbills.


New World vultures.
Order: <a href="Cathartiformes">Cathartiformes</a>Family: <a href="Cathartidae">Cathartidae</a>

The New World vultures are not closely related to Old World vultures, but superficially resemble them because of <a href="convergent%20evolution">convergent evolution</a>. Like the Old World vultures, they are scavengers; however, unlike Old World vultures, which find carcasses by sight, New World vultures have a good sense of smell with which they locate <a href="Carrion">carcasses</a>.


Osprey.
Order: <a href="Accipitriformes">Accipitriformes</a>Family: <a href="Pandionidae">Pandionidae</a>

Pandionidae is a <a href="monotypic">monotypic</a> family of fish-eating birds of prey. Its single species possesses a very large and powerful hooked beak, strong legs, strong talons, and keen eyesight.


Hawks, kites, and eagles.
Order: <a href="Accipitriformes">Accipitriformes</a>Family: <a href="Accipitridae">Accipitridae</a>

Accipitridae is a family of birds of prey, which includes hawks, eagles, kites, harriers, and Old World vultures. These birds have very large powerful hooked beaks for tearing flesh from their prey, strong legs, powerful talons, and keen eyesight. 


Barn-owls.
Order: <a href="Strigiformes">Strigiformes</a>Family: <a href="Tytonidae">Tytonidae</a>

Barn-owls are medium to large owls with large heads and characteristic heart-shaped faces. They have long strong legs with powerful talons.


Typical owls.
Order: <a href="Strigiformes">Strigiformes</a>Family: <a href="Strigidae">Strigidae</a>

Typical owls are small to large solitary nocturnal birds of prey. They have large forward-facing eyes and ears, a hawk-like beak, and a conspicuous circle of feathers around each eye called a facial disk.


Kingfishers.
Order: <a href="Coraciiformes">Coraciiformes</a>Family: <a href="Alcedinidae">Alcedinidae</a>

Kingfishers are medium-sized birds with large heads, long, pointed bills, short legs, and stubby tails.


Woodpeckers.
Order: <a href="Piciformes">Piciformes</a>Family: <a href="Picidae">Picidae</a>

Woodpeckers are small to medium-sized birds with chisel-like beaks, short legs, stiff tails, and long tongues used for capturing insects. Some species have feet with two toes pointing forward and two backward, while several species have only three toes. Many woodpeckers have the habit of tapping noisily on tree trunks with their beaks. 


Falcons.
Order: <a href="Falconiformes">Falconiformes</a>Family: <a href="Falconidae">Falconidae</a>

Falconidae is a family of diurnal birds of prey, notably the falcons and caracaras. They differ from hawks, eagles, and kites in that they kill with their beaks instead of their talons.


Tyrant flycatchers.
Order: <a href="Passeriformes">Passeriformes</a>Family: <a href="Tyrannidae">Tyrannidae</a>

Tyrant flycatchers are Passerine birds which occur throughout North and South America. They superficially resemble the Old World flycatchers, but are more robust and have stronger bills. They do not have the sophisticated vocal capabilities of the songbirds. Most, but not all, are rather plain. As the name implies, most are insectivorous.


Shrikes.
Order: <a href="Passeriformes">Passeriformes</a>Family: <a href="Laniidae">Laniidae</a>

Shrikes are passerine birds known for their habit of catching other birds and small animals and impaling the uneaten portions of their bodies on thorns. A shrike's beak is hooked, like that of a typical bird of prey.


Vireos.
Order: <a href="Passeriformes">Passeriformes</a>Family: <a href="Vireonidae">Vireonidae</a>

The vireos are a group of small to medium-sized passerine birds restricted to the New World, though a few other members of the family occur in Asia. They are typically greenish in color and resemble wood warblers apart from their heavier bills.


Jays, crows, magpies, and ravens.
Order: <a href="Passeriformes">Passeriformes</a>Family: <a href="Corvidae">Corvidae</a>

The family Corvidae includes crows, ravens, jays, choughs, magpies, treepies, nutcrackers, and ground jays. Corvids are above average in size among the Passeriformes, and some of the larger species show high levels of intelligence.


Larks.
Order: <a href="Passeriformes">Passeriformes</a>Family: <a href="Alaudidae">Alaudidae</a>

Larks are small terrestrial birds with often extravagant songs and display flights. Most larks are fairly dull in appearance. Their food is insects and seeds.


Swallows and martins.
Order: <a href="Passeriformes">Passeriformes</a>Family: <a href="Hirundinidae">Hirundinidae</a>

The family Hirundinidae is adapted to aerial feeding. They have a slender streamlined body, long pointed wings, and a short bill with a wide gape. The feet are adapted to perching rather than walking, and the front toes are partially joined at the base. 

Chickadees and titmice.
Order: <a href="Passeriformes">Passeriformes</a>Family: <a href="Paridae">Paridae</a>

The Paridae are mainly small stocky woodland species with short stout bills. Some have crests. They are adaptable birds, with a mixed diet including seeds and insects.


Long-tailed tits.
Order: <a href="Passeriformes">Passeriformes</a>Family: <a href="Aegithalidae">Aegithalidae</a>

Long-tailed tits are a group of small passerine birds with medium to long tails. They make woven bag nests in trees. Most eat a mixed diet which includes insects.


Nuthatches.
Order: <a href="Passeriformes">Passeriformes</a>Family: <a href="Sittidae">Sittidae</a>

Nuthatches are small woodland birds. They have the unusual ability to climb down trees head first, unlike other birds which can only go upwards. Nuthatches have big heads, short tails, and powerful bills and feet.

Treecreepers.
Order: <a href="Passeriformes">Passeriformes</a>Family: <a href="Certhiidae">Certhiidae</a>

Treecreepers are small woodland birds, brown above and white below. They have thin pointed down-curved bills which they use to extricate insects from bark. They have stiff tail feathers, like woodpeckers, which they use to support themselves on vertical trees.


Wrens.
Order: <a href="Passeriformes">Passeriformes</a>Family: <a href="Troglodytidae">Troglodytidae</a>

Wrens are small and inconspicuous birds, except for their loud songs. They have short wings and thin down-turned bills. Several species often hold their tails upright. All are insectivorous.


Dippers.
Order: <a href="Passeriformes">Passeriformes</a>Family: <a href="Cinclidae">Cinclidae</a>

Dippers are small, stout, birds that feed in cold, fast moving streams.


Kinglets.
Order: <a href="Passeriformes">Passeriformes</a>Family: <a href="Regulidae">Regulidae</a>

The kinglets are a small family of birds which resemble the titmice. They are very small insectivorous birds in the genus "Regulus". The adults have colored crowns, giving rise to their names.


Thrushes.
Order: <a href="Passeriformes">Passeriformes</a>Family: <a href="Turdidae">Turdidae</a>

The thrushes are a group of passerine birds that occur mainly but not exclusively in the Old World. They are plump, soft plumaged, small to medium-sized insectivores or sometimes omnivores, often feeding on the ground. Many have attractive songs.


Starlings.
Order: <a href="Passeriformes">Passeriformes</a>Family: <a href="Sturnidae">Sturnidae</a>

Starlings are small to medium-sized passerine birds with strong feet. Their flight is strong and direct and they are very gregarious. Their preferred habitat is fairly open country, and they eat insects and fruit. Plumage is typically dark with a metallic sheen.


Waxwings.
Order: <a href="Passeriformes">Passeriformes</a>Family: <a href="Bombycillidae">Bombycillidae</a>

The waxwings are a group of passerine birds with soft silky plumage and unique red tips to some of the wing feathers. In the Bohemian and cedar waxwings, these tips look like <a href="sealing%20wax">sealing wax</a> and give the group its name. These are arboreal birds of northern forests. They live on insects in summer and berries in winter.


Old World sparrows.
Order: <a href="Passeriformes">Passeriformes</a>Family: <a href="Passeridae">Passeridae</a>

Old World sparrows are small passerine birds. In general, sparrows tend to be small plump brownish or grayish birds with short tails and short powerful beaks. Sparrows are seed eaters, but they also consume small insects.


Wagtails and pipits.
Order: <a href="Passeriformes">Passeriformes</a>Family: <a href="Motacillidae">Motacillidae</a>

Motacillidae is a family of small passerine birds with medium to long tails. They include the wagtails, longclaws, and pipits. They are slender ground-feeding insectivores of open country.


Finches.
Order: <a href="Passeriformes">Passeriformes</a>Family: <a href="Fringillidae">Fringillidae</a>

Finches are seed-eating passerine birds that are small to moderately large and have a strong beak, usually conical and in some species very large. All have twelve tail feathers and nine primaries. These birds have a bouncing flight with alternating bouts of flapping and gliding on closed wings, and most sing well.


Longspurs and snow buntings.
Order: <a href="Passeriformes">Passeriformes</a>Family: <a href="Calcariidae">Calcariidae</a>

The Calcariidae are a group of passerine birds that had been traditionally grouped with the New World sparrows, but differ in a number of respects and are usually found in open grassy areas.


New World sparrows.
Order: <a href="Passeriformes">Passeriformes</a>Family: <a href="Passerellidae">Passerellidae</a>

Until 2017, these species were considered part of the family Emberizidae. Most of the species are known as sparrows, but these birds are not closely related to the Old World sparrows which are in the family Passeridae. Many of these have distinctive head patterns.


Icterids.
Order: <a href="Passeriformes">Passeriformes</a>Family: <a href="Icteridae">Icteridae</a>

The icterids are a group of small to medium-sized, often colorful passerine birds restricted to the New World and include the grackles, New World blackbirds, and New World orioles. Most species have black as a predominant plumage color, often enlivened by yellow, orange, or red.


Wood-warblers.
Order: <a href="Passeriformes">Passeriformes</a>Family: <a href="Parulidae">Parulidae</a>

The wood-warblers are a group of small often colorful passerine birds restricted to the New World. Most are arboreal, but some like the <a href="ovenbird">ovenbird</a> and the two <a href="waterthrush">waterthrush</a>es, are more terrestrial. Most members of this family are insectivores. 


Cardinals and allies.
Order: <a href="Passeriformes">Passeriformes</a>Family: <a href="Cardinalidae">Cardinalidae</a>

The cardinals are a family of robust seed-eating birds with strong bills. They are typically associated with open woodland. The sexes usually have distinct plumages. 





</doc>
<doc id="54799347" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799347" title="Hayden Partain">
Hayden Partain

Hayden Partain (born October 14, 1994) is an American <a href="association%20football">soccer</a> player currently playing for <a href="Sacramento%20Republic%20FC">Sacramento Republic</a> in the <a href="United%20Soccer%20League">United Soccer League</a>.

Career.
College and Amateur.
Partain played four years of <a href="college%20soccer">college soccer</a> at <a href="Wake%20Forest%20University">Wake Forest University</a> between 2013 and 2016.

While at college Partain appeared for <a href="Premier%20Development%20League">Premier Development League</a> side <a href="Charlotte%20Eagles">Charlotte Eagles</a> in 2015. Following college, Partain played with <a href="Des%20Moines%20Menace">Des Moines Menace</a> in the Premier Development League.

Professional.
On August 5, 2017, Partain signed for <a href="United%20Soccer%20League">United Soccer League</a> side <a href="Sacramento%20Republic%20FC">Sacramento Republic</a>.



</doc>
<doc id="54799359" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799359" title="Thiruvambady International Airport">
Thiruvambady International Airport

Thiruvambady International Airport is a proposed airport project near <a href="Thiruvambady">Thiruvambady</a>, about 35 kilometers from <a href="Kozhikode">Kozhikode</a> City in the state of <a href="Kerala">Kerala</a> in India. The State Government of Kerala has directed the district collectors of Kozhikode and <a href="Malappuram">Malappuram</a> districts to conduct and submit a viability report of the project.

The <a href="Calicut%20International%20Airport">Calicut International Airport</a> at Karipur, which currently serves the region cannot be expanded because it is located on a table top. Hence, the <a href="Airport%20Authority%20of%20India">Airport Authority of India</a> (AAI), which operates the airport has declined to resume wide-body aircraft operations leading to a reduction in revenues from passenger traffic and cargo transport. This led local Trade and Commerce organisations to seek out other alternatives to maintain the growth of aviation in the region. The AAI then recommended that the state government submit a proposal to AAI for a greenfield airport at Tiruvambadi. According to the Kozhikode-based Malabar Development Council (MDC), if the State Government is willing to clear the project, several investors are keen on investing in it.



</doc>
<doc id="54799367" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799367" title="P K Chandran">
P K Chandran

P K Chandran (; 10 May 1952) is a translator and creative writer in Malayalam and Hindi .His ‘<a href="Karnan_%28malayalam%29">Karnan</a>’, a translation of <a href="Shivaji%20Sawant">Shivaji Sawant</a>’s Marathi novel "Mrityunjay", won the <a href="Sahitya%20Akademi%20Award">Sahitya Akademi Award</a> for translation in 2001.

Early life.
He was born in a family of Puthur in <a href="Calicut">Calicut</a> district in Kerala. He finished his school education in Koduvally High School. He holds a Phd in Hindi Literature on the topic "Insulted and humiliated characters in puranas and their presentation in modern poetry.
32 Years in various categories in administrative field out of which more than 15 years in supervisory posts like Section Officer,Asst.Registrar,Dy.Registrar,Joint Registrar and Finance Officer in University of Calicut. 4 years as UGC Special Officer in Kerala Kalamandalam Deemed University,Trissur.

Personal life.
He got married to Nirmala Pathirikkat. He has two daughters Dyumna and Dyuthi. He has settled in <a href="Feroke">Feroke, Calicut</a>







</doc>
<doc id="54799370" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799370" title="List of birds of Olympic National Park">
List of birds of Olympic National Park

This is a comprehensive listing of all the bird species recorded in <a href="Olympic%20National%20Park">Olympic National Park</a>, which is in the <a href="U.S.%20state">U.S. state</a> of <a href="Washington%20%28state%29">Washington</a>. This list is based on one published by the National Park Service (NPS). Since the NPS list was compiled, seven species have been added through eBird.

This list is presented in the <a href="taxonomic%20sequence">taxonomic sequence</a> of the "Check-list of North American Birds", 7th edition through the 58th Supplement, published by the <a href="American%20Ornithological%20Society">American Ornithological Society</a> (AOS). Common and scientific names are also those of the "Check-list".

This list contains 306 species. Unless otherwise noted, all are considered to occur regularly in Olympic National Park as permanent residents, summer or winter visitors, or migrants. The tags below are used to designate the abundance of some species. 


Ducks, geese, and waterfowl.
Order: <a href="Anseriformes">Anseriformes</a>Family: <a href="Anatidae">Anatidae</a>

The family Anatidae includes the ducks and most duck-like waterfowl, such as geese and swans. These birds are adapted to an aquatic existence with webbed feet, bills which are flattened to a greater or lesser extent, and feathers that are excellent at shedding water due to special oils.


New World quail.
Order: <a href="Galliformes">Galliformes</a>Family: <a href="Odontophoridae">Odontophoridae</a>

The New World quails are small, plump terrestrial birds only distantly related to the quails of the Old World, but named for their similar appearance and habits. 


Pheasants, grouse, and allies.
Order: <a href="Galliformes">Galliformes</a>Family: <a href="Phasianidae">Phasianidae</a>

Phasianidae consists of the pheasants and their allies. These are terrestrial species, variable in size but generally plump with broad relatively short wings. Many species are gamebirds or have been domesticated as a food source for humans.


Grebes.
Order: <a href="Podicipediformes">Podicipediformes</a>Family: <a href="Podicipedidae">Podicipedidae</a>

Grebes are small to medium-large freshwater diving birds. They have lobed toes and are excellent swimmers and divers. However, they have their feet placed far back on the body, making them quite ungainly on land.


Pigeons and doves.
Order: <a href="Columbiformes">Columbiformes</a>Family: <a href="Columbidae">Columbidae</a>

Pigeons and doves are stout-bodied birds with short necks and short slender bills with a fleshy cere.


Nightjars and allies.
Order: <a href="Caprimulgiformes">Caprimulgiformes</a>Family: <a href="Caprimulgidae">Caprimulgidae</a>

Nightjars are medium-sized nocturnal birds that usually nest on the ground. They have long wings, short legs, and very short bills. Most have small feet, of little use for walking, and long pointed wings. Their soft plumage is cryptically colored to resemble bark or leaves.


Swifts.
Order: <a href="Apodiformes">Apodiformes</a>Family: <a href="Apodidae">Apodidae</a>

The swifts are small birds which spend the majority of their lives flying. These birds have very short legs and never settle voluntarily on the ground, perching instead only on vertical surfaces. Many swifts have very long, swept-back wings which resemble a crescent or boomerang.


Hummingbirds.
Order: <a href="Apodiformes">Apodiformes</a>Family: <a href="Trochilidae">Trochilidae</a>

Hummingbirds are small birds capable of hovering in mid-air due to the rapid flapping of their wings. They are the only birds that can fly backwards. 


Rails, gallinules, and coots.
Order: <a href="Gruiformes">Gruiformes</a>Family: <a href="Rallidae">Rallidae</a>

Rallidae is a large family of small to medium-sized birds which includes the rails, crakes, coots, and gallinules. The most typical family members occupy dense vegetation in damp environments near lakes, swamps, or rivers. In general they are shy and secretive birds, making them difficult to observe. Most species have strong legs and long toes which are well adapted to soft uneven surfaces. They tend to have short, rounded wings and tend to be weak fliers.


Cranes.
Order: <a href="Gruiformes">Gruiformes</a>Family: <a href="Gruidae">Gruidae</a>

Cranes are large, long-legged, and long-necked birds. Unlike the similar-looking but unrelated herons, cranes fly with necks outstretched, not pulled back. Most have elaborate and noisy courting displays or "dances".


Stilts and avocets.
Order: <a href="Charadriiformes">Charadriiformes</a>Family: <a href="Recurvirostridae">Recurvirostridae</a>

Recurvirostridae is a family of large wading birds which includes the avocets and stilts. The avocets have long legs and long up-curved bills. The stilts have extremely long legs and long, thin, straight bills. 


Oystercatchers.
Order: <a href="Charadriiformes">Charadriiformes</a>Family: <a href="Haematopodidae">Haematopodidae</a>

The oystercatchers are large, obvious, and noisy <a href="plover">plover</a>-like birds, with strong bills used for smashing or prising open <a href="mollusc">mollusc</a>s.


Plovers and lapwings.
Order: <a href="Charadriiformes">Charadriiformes</a>Family: <a href="Charadriidae">Charadriidae</a>

The family Charadriidae includes the plovers, dotterels, and lapwings. They are small to medium-sized birds with compact bodies, short thick necks, and long, usually pointed, wings. They are found in open country worldwide, mostly in habitats near water.


Sandpipers and allies.
Order: <a href="Charadriiformes">Charadriiformes</a>Family: <a href="Scolopacidae">Scolopacidae</a>

Scolopacidae is a large diverse family of small to medium-sized shorebirds including the sandpipers, curlews, godwits, shanks, tattlers, woodcocks, snipes, dowitchers, and phalaropes. The majority of these species eat small invertebrates picked out of the mud or soil. Different lengths of legs and bills enable multiple species to feed in the same habitat, particularly on the coast, without direct competition for food.

Jaegers.
Order: <a href="Charadriiformes">Charadriiformes</a>Family: <a href="Stercorariidae">Stercorariidae</a>

Skuas are in general medium to large birds, typically with gray or brown plumage, often with white markings on the wings. They have longish bills with hooked tips and webbed feet with sharp claws. They look like large dark gulls, but have a fleshy <a href="cere">cere</a> above the upper mandible. They are strong, acrobatic fliers. 


Auks, murres, and puffins.
Order: <a href="Charadriiformes">Charadriiformes</a>Family: <a href="Alcidae">Alcidae</a>

The family Alcidae includes auks, murres, and puffins. These are short winged birds that live on the open sea and normally only come ashore for breeding. 


Gulls, terns, and skimmers.
Order: <a href="Charadriiformes">Charadriiformes</a>Family: <a href="Laridae">Laridae</a>

Laridae is a family of medium to large seabirds and includes gulls, terns, kittiwakes, and skimmers. They are typically gray or white, often with black markings on the head or wings. They have stout, longish bills and webbed feet. 


Loons.
Order: <a href="Gaviiformes">Gaviiformes</a>Family: <a href="Gaviidae">Gaviidae</a>

Loons are aquatic birds the size of a large duck, to which they are unrelated. Their plumage is largely gray or black, and they have spear-shaped bills. Loons swim well and fly adequately, but are almost hopeless on land, because their legs are placed towards the rear of the body.


Albatrosses.
Order: <a href="Procellariiformes">Procellariiformes</a>Family: <a href="Diomedeidae">Diomedeidae</a>

The albatrosses are amongst the largest of flying birds, and the great albatrosses from the genus "Diomedea" have the largest wingspans of any extant birds.


Shearwaters and petrels.
Order: <a href="Procellariiformes">Procellariiformes</a>Family: <a href="Procellariidae">Procellariidae</a>

The procellariids are the main group of medium-sized "true petrels", characterized by united nostrils with medium septum and a long outer functional primary.


Storm-petrels.
Order: <a href="Procellariiformes">Procellariiformes</a>Family: <a href="Hydrobatidae">Hydrobatidae</a>

The storm-petrels are the smallest seabirds, relatives of the <a href="petrel">petrel</a>s, feeding on <a href="plankton">plankton</a>ic crustaceans and small fish picked from the surface, typically while hovering. The flight is fluttering and sometimes <a href="bat">bat</a>-like.


Cormorants.
Order: <a href="Suliformes">Suliformes</a>Family: <a href="Phalacrocoracidae">Phalacrocoracidae</a>

Cormorants are medium-to-large aquatic birds, usually with mainly dark plumage and areas of colored skin on the face. The bill is long, thin, and sharply hooked. Their feet are four-toed and webbed.


Pelicans.
Order: <a href="Pelecaniformes">Pelecaniformes</a>Family: <a href="Pelecanidae">Pelecanidae</a>

Pelicans are very large water birds with a distinctive pouch under their beak. Like other birds in the order Pelecaniformes, they have four webbed toes.


Herons, egrets, and bitterns.
Order: <a href="Pelecaniformes">Pelecaniformes</a>Family: <a href="Ardeidae">Ardeidae</a>

The family Ardeidae contains the herons, egrets, and bitterns. Herons and egrets are medium to large wading birds with long necks and legs. Bitterns tend to be shorter necked and more secretive. Members of Ardeidae fly with their necks retracted, unlike other long-necked birds such as storks, ibises, and spoonbills.


New World vultures.
Order: <a href="Cathartiformes">Cathartiformes</a>Family: <a href="Cathartidae">Cathartidae</a>

The New World vultures are not closely related to Old World vultures, but superficially resemble them because of <a href="convergent%20evolution">convergent evolution</a>. Like the Old World vultures, they are scavengers; however, unlike Old World vultures, which find carcasses by sight, New World vultures have a good sense of smell with which they locate <a href="Carrion">carcasses</a>.


Osprey.
Order: <a href="Accipitriformes">Accipitriformes</a>Family: <a href="Pandionidae">Pandionidae</a>

Pandionidae is a <a href="monotypic">monotypic</a> family of fish-eating birds of prey. Its single species possesses a very large and powerful hooked beak, strong legs, strong talons, and keen eyesight.


Hawks, kites, and eagles.
Order: <a href="Accipitriformes">Accipitriformes</a>Family: <a href="Accipitridae">Accipitridae</a>

Accipitridae is a family of birds of prey, which includes hawks, eagles, kites, harriers, and Old World vultures. These birds have very large powerful hooked beaks for tearing flesh from their prey, strong legs, powerful talons, and keen eyesight. 


Barn-owls.
Order: <a href="Strigiformes">Strigiformes</a>Family: <a href="Tytonidae">Tytonidae</a>

Barn-owls are medium to large owls with large heads and characteristic heart-shaped faces. They have long strong legs with powerful talons.


Typical owls.
Order: <a href="Strigiformes">Strigiformes</a>Family: <a href="Strigidae">Strigidae</a>

Typical owls are small to large solitary nocturnal birds of prey. They have large forward-facing eyes and ears, a hawk-like beak, and a conspicuous circle of feathers around each eye called a facial disk.


Kingfishers.
Order: <a href="Coraciiformes">Coraciiformes</a>Family: <a href="Alcedinidae">Alcedinidae</a>

Kingfishers are medium-sized birds with large heads, long, pointed bills, short legs, and stubby tails.


Woodpeckers.
Order: <a href="Piciformes">Piciformes</a>Family: <a href="Picidae">Picidae</a>

Woodpeckers are small to medium-sized birds with chisel-like beaks, short legs, stiff tails, and long tongues used for capturing insects. Some species have feet with two toes pointing forward and two backward, while several species have only three toes. Many woodpeckers have the habit of tapping noisily on tree trunks with their beaks.

Caracaras and falcons.
Order: <a href="Falconiformes">Falconiformes</a>Family: <a href="Falconidae">Falconidae</a>

Falconidae is a family of diurnal birds of prey, notably the falcons and caracaras. They differ from hawks, eagles, and kites in that they kill with their beaks instead of their talons.


Tyrant flycatchers.
Order: <a href="Passeriformes">Passeriformes</a>Family: <a href="Tyrannidae">Tyrannidae</a>

Tyrant flycatchers are Passerine birds which occur throughout North and South America. They superficially resemble the Old World flycatchers, but are more robust and have stronger bills. They do not have the sophisticated vocal capabilities of the songbirds. Most, but not all, are rather plain. As the name implies, most are insectivorous.


Shrikes.
Order: <a href="Passeriformes">Passeriformes</a>Family: <a href="Laniidae">Laniidae</a>

Shrikes are passerine birds known for their habit of catching other birds and small animals and impaling the uneaten portions of their bodies on thorns. A shrike's beak is hooked, like that of a typical bird of prey.


Vireos.
Order: <a href="Passeriformes">Passeriformes</a>Family: <a href="Vireonidae">Vireonidae</a>

The vireos are a group of small to medium-sized passerine birds restricted to the New World, though a few other members of the family occur in Asia. They are typically greenish in color and resemble wood warblers apart from their heavier bills.


Jays, crows, magpies, and ravens.
Order: <a href="Passeriformes">Passeriformes</a>Family: <a href="Corvidae">Corvidae</a>

The family Corvidae includes crows, ravens, jays, choughs, magpies, treepies, nutcrackers, and ground jays. Corvids are above average in size among the Passeriformes, and some of the larger species show high levels of intelligence.


Larks.
Order: <a href="Passeriformes">Passeriformes</a>Family: <a href="Alaudidae">Alaudidae</a>

Larks are small terrestrial birds with often extravagant songs and display flights. Most larks are fairly dull in appearance. Their food is insects and seeds.


Swallows and martins.
Order: <a href="Passeriformes">Passeriformes</a>Family: <a href="Hirundinidae">Hirundinidae</a>

The family Hirundinidae is adapted to aerial feeding. They have a slender streamlined body, long pointed wings, and a short bill with a wide gape. The feet are adapted to perching rather than walking, and the front toes are partially joined at the base. 

Chickadees and titmice.
Order: <a href="Passeriformes">Passeriformes</a>Family: <a href="Paridae">Paridae</a>

The Paridae are mainly small stocky woodland species with short stout bills. Some have crests. They are adaptable birds, with a mixed diet including seeds and insects.


Long-tailed tits.
Order: <a href="Passeriformes">Passeriformes</a>Family: <a href="Aegithalidae">Aegithalidae</a>

Long-tailed tits are a group of small passerine birds with medium to long tails. They make woven bag nests in trees. Most eat a mixed diet which includes insects. 


Nuthatches.
Order: <a href="Passeriformes">Passeriformes</a>Family: <a href="Sittidae">Sittidae</a>

Nuthatches are small woodland birds. They have the unusual ability to climb down trees head first, unlike other birds which can only go upwards. Nuthatches have big heads, short tails, and powerful bills and feet.


Treecreepers.
Order: <a href="Passeriformes">Passeriformes</a>Family: <a href="Certhiidae">Certhiidae</a>

Treecreepers are small woodland birds, brown above and white below. They have thin pointed down-curved bills which they use to extricate insects from bark. They have stiff tail feathers, like woodpeckers, which they use to support themselves on vertical trees.


Wrens.
Order: <a href="Passeriformes">Passeriformes</a>Family: <a href="Troglodytidae">Troglodytidae</a>

Wrens are small and inconspicuous birds, except for their loud songs. They have short wings and thin down-turned bills. Several species often hold their tails upright. All are insectivorous.


Dippers.
Order: <a href="Passeriformes">Passeriformes</a>Family: <a href="Cinclidae">Cinclidae</a>

Dippers are small, stout, birds that feed in cold, fast moving streams.


Kinglets.
Order: <a href="Passeriformes">Passeriformes</a>Family: <a href="Regulidae">Regulidae</a>

The kinglets are a small family of birds which resemble the titmice. They are very small insectivorous birds in the genus "Regulus". The adults have colored crowns, giving rise to their names.


Thrushes.
Order: <a href="Passeriformes">Passeriformes</a>Family: <a href="Turdidae">Turdidae</a>

The thrushes are a group of passerine birds that occur mainly but not exclusively in the Old World. They are plump, soft plumaged, small to medium-sized insectivores or sometimes omnivores, often feeding on the ground. Many have attractive songs.


Mockingbirds and thrashers.
Order: <a href="Passeriformes">Passeriformes</a>Family: <a href="Mimidae">Mimidae</a>

The mimids are a family of passerine birds which includes thrashers, mockingbirds, tremblers, and the New World catbirds. These birds are notable for their vocalization, especially their remarkable ability to mimic a wide variety of birds and other sounds heard outdoors. The species tend towards dull grays and browns in their appearance. 


Starlings.
Order: <a href="Passeriformes">Passeriformes</a>Family: <a href="Sturnidae">Sturnidae</a>

Starlings are small to medium-sized passerine birds with strong feet. Their flight is strong and direct and they are very gregarious. Their preferred habitat is fairly open country, and they eat insects and fruit. Plumage is typically dark with a metallic sheen.


Waxwings.
Order: <a href="Passeriformes">Passeriformes</a>Family: <a href="Bombycillidae">Bombycillidae</a>

The waxwings are a group of passerine birds with soft silky plumage and unique red tips to some of the wing feathers. In the Bohemian and cedar waxwings, these tips look like <a href="sealing%20wax">sealing wax</a> and give the group its name. These are arboreal birds of northern forests. They live on insects in summer and berries in winter.


Old World sparrows.
Order: <a href="Passeriformes">Passeriformes</a>Family: <a href="Passeridae">Passeridae</a>

Old World sparrows are small passerine birds. In general, sparrows tend to be small plump brownish or grayish birds with short tails and short powerful beaks. Sparrows are seed eaters, but they also consume small insects. 


Wagtails and pipits.
Order: <a href="Passeriformes">Passeriformes</a>Family: <a href="Motacillidae">Motacillidae</a>

Motacillidae is a family of small passerine birds with medium to long tails. They include the wagtails, longclaws, and pipits. They are slender ground-feeding insectivores of open country.


Finches.
Order: <a href="Passeriformes">Passeriformes</a>Family: <a href="Fringillidae">Fringillidae</a>

Finches are seed-eating passerine birds that are small to moderately large and have a strong beak, usually conical and in some species very large. All have twelve tail feathers and nine primaries. These birds have a bouncing flight with alternating bouts of flapping and gliding on closed wings, and most sing well.


Longspurs and snow buntings.
Order: <a href="Passeriformes">Passeriformes</a>Family: <a href="Calcariidae">Calcariidae</a>

The Calcariidae are a group of passerine birds that had been traditionally grouped with the New World sparrows, but differ in a number of respects and are usually found in open grassy areas.


New World sparrows.
Order: <a href="Passeriformes">Passeriformes</a>Family: <a href="Passerellidae">Passerellidae</a>

Until 2017, these species were considered part of the family Emberizidae. Most of the species are known as sparrows, but these birds are not closely related to the Old World sparrows which are in the family Passeridae. Many of these have distinctive head patterns.


Icterids.
Order: <a href="Passeriformes">Passeriformes</a>Family: <a href="Icteridae">Icteridae</a>

The icterids are a group of small to medium-sized, often colorful passerine birds restricted to the New World and include the grackles, New World blackbirds, and New World orioles. Most species have black as a predominant plumage color, often enlivened by yellow, orange, or red.


Wood-warblers.
Order: <a href="Passeriformes">Passeriformes</a>Family: <a href="Parulidae">Parulidae</a>

The wood-warblers are a group of small often colorful passerine birds restricted to the New World. Most are arboreal, but some like the <a href="ovenbird">ovenbird</a> and the two <a href="waterthrush">waterthrush</a>es, are more terrestrial. Most members of this family are insectivores. 


Cardinals and allies.
Order: <a href="Passeriformes">Passeriformes</a>Family: <a href="Cardinalidae">Cardinalidae</a>

The cardinals are a family of robust seed-eating birds with strong bills. They are typically associated with open woodland. The sexes usually have distinct plumages. 





</doc>
<doc id="54799403" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799403" title="Facklamia sourekii">
Facklamia sourekii

Facklamia sourekii is a <a href="Gram-positive">Gram-positive</a> and facultatively <a href="Anaerobic%20organism">anaerobic</a> bacteria from the family of "<a href="Facklamia">Facklamia</a>" which has been isolated from humans.


</doc>
<doc id="54799404" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799404" title="Yaqoub Mohamed Al-Youha">
Yaqoub Mohamed Al-Youha

Yaqoub Mohamed Al-Youha (born 31 January 1993) is a <a href="Kuwait">Kuwait</a>i athlete specialising in the <a href="high%20hurdles">high hurdles</a>. He represented his country at the <a href="2017%20World%20Championships%20in%20Athletics">2017 World Championships</a> reaching the semifinals.

His personal bests are 13.48 seconds in the <a href="110%20metres%20hurdles">110 metres hurdles</a> (-0.1 m/s, Kuwait City 2017) and 7.65 seconds in the <a href="60%20metres%20hurdles">60 metres hurdles</a> (Doha 2016).

International competitions.
Disqualified in the final<br>
Did not finish in the semifinals



</doc>
<doc id="54799425" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799425" title="Guni Israeli">
Guni Israeli

Guni Israeli (; born November 18, 1984) is an Israeli professional <a href="basketball">basketball</a> player for <a href="Maccabi%20Ashdod%20B.C.">Maccabi Ashdod</a> of the <a href="Israeli%20Basketball%20Premier%20League">Israeli Premier League</a>.

Early years.
Israeli was born in <a href="Gvat">Kibbutz Gvat</a>, <a href="Israel">Israel</a>. He played for <a href="Hapoel%20Emek%20Yizra%27el">Hapoel Emek Yizra'el</a> (<a href="Jezreel%20Valley">Jezreel Valley</a>) youth team, he also played for <a href="ORT%20Israel">Ort Leibovich</a>, <a href="Netanya">Netanya</a> high-school team, together with <a href="Raviv%20Limonad">Raviv Limonad</a> and helped them to win the state championship. 

Professional career.
In 2005, Israeli signed with <a href="Hapoel%20Gilboa/Afula">Hapoel Gilboa/Afula</a>. On his second season with the club, he won the <a href="Israeli%20Basketball%20Premier%20League%20Discovery%20of%20the%20Year">Israeli League Discovery of the Year</a> award. 

On June 18, 2007, Israeli signed with <a href="Hapoel%20Holon">Hapoel Holon</a> for the 2007–08 season, he helped Holon to win the <a href="2007%E2%80%9308%20Israeli%20Basketball%20Super%20League">Israeli League title</a>.

On July 2, 2008, Israeli signed with <a href="Hapoel%20Gilboa%20Galil">Hapoel Gilboa Galil</a>. On his second season with the club, he helped Gilboa Galil to win <a href="2009%E2%80%9310%20Israeli%20Basketball%20Super%20League">Israeli League title</a>.

On June 22, 2010, Israeli signed a one-year contract extension with <a href="Hapoel%20Gilboa%20Galil">Hapoel Gilboa Galil</a>. 

On July 29, 2011, Israeli signed with a two-year contract with <a href="Hapoel%20Jerusalem%20B.C.">Hapoel Jerusalem</a>. 

On July 18, 2013, Israeli returned to <a href="Hapoel%20Holon">Hapoel Holon</a> and signed a two-year deal. On June 24, 2015, Israeli signed a two-year contract extension with Holon. 

On June 6, 2017, Israeli returned to <a href="Maccabi%20Ashdod%20B.C.">Maccabi Ashdod</a> for the 2017–18 season. 



</doc>
<doc id="54799442" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799442" title="Facklamia tabacinasalis">
Facklamia tabacinasalis

Facklamia tabacinasalis is a <a href="Gram-positive">Gram-positive</a> bacteria from the family of "<a href="Facklamia">Facklamia</a>" which has been isolated from powdered <a href="tobacco">tobacco</a>.


</doc>
<doc id="54799451" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799451" title="2017 World RX of Canada">
2017 World RX of Canada

The 2017 World RX of Canada was the eighth round of the <a href="2017%20FIA%20World%20Rallycross%20Championship">fourth season</a> of the <a href="FIA%20World%20Rallycross%20Championship">FIA World Rallycross Championship</a>. The event was held at the <a href="Circuit%20Trois-Rivi%C3%A8res">Circuit Trois-Rivières</a> in <a href="Trois-Rivi%C3%A8res">Trois-Rivières</a>, <a href="Quebec">Quebec</a>.



</doc>
<doc id="54799459" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799459" title="Rolling and wheeled creatures in fiction and legend">
Rolling and wheeled creatures in fiction and legend

Legends and speculative fiction reveal a longstanding human fascination with <a href="Rotating%20locomotion%20in%20living%20systems">rolling and wheeled creatures</a>. Such creatures appear in mythologies from Europe, Japan, <a href="pre-Columbian%20era">pre-Columbian</a> Mexico, the United States, and Australia.

Rolling creatures.
The <a href="hoop%20snake">hoop snake</a>, a creature of legend in the United States and Australia, is said to grasp its tail in its mouth and roll like a wheel towards its prey. Japanese culture includes a similar mythical creature, the "<a href="Tsuchinoko">Tsuchinoko</a>".

<a href="Buer%20%28demon%29">Buer</a>, a <a href="demon">demon</a> mentioned in the 16th-century <a href="grimoire">grimoire</a> "<a href="Pseudomonarchia%20Daemonum">Pseudomonarchia Daemonum</a>", was described in <a href="Jacques%20Collin%20de%20Plancy">Collin de Plancy</a>'s 1825 edition of "<a href="Dictionnaire%20Infernal">Dictionnaire Infernal</a>" as having "the shape of a star or wheel". The 1863 edition of this book featured an illustration by <a href="Louis%20Le%20Breton">Louis Le Breton</a>, depicting a creature with five legs radially arranged.

The 1944 science fiction short story "<a href="Arena%20%28short%20story%29">Arena</a>", by <a href="Fredric%20Brown">Fredric Brown</a>, features a telepathic alien called an Outsider, which is roughly spherical and moves by rolling. The story was the basis for a 1967 "" episode of the <a href="Arena%20%28Star%20Trek%29">same name</a>, and possibly also a 1964 episode of "<a href="The%20Outer%20Limits%20%281963%20TV%20series%29">The Outer Limits</a>" entitled <a href="Fun%20and%20Games%20%28The%20Outer%20Limits%29">"Fun and Games"</a>, though neither television treatment included a spherical creature.

The Dutch graphic artist <a href="M.%20C.%20Escher">M. C. Escher</a> invented a creature that was capable of rolling itself forward, which he named "Pedalternorotandomovens centroculatus articulosus". He illustrated this creature in his 1951 lithograph (also known by the English title "Curl-up").

A 1956 <a href="Scrooge%20McDuck">Scrooge McDuck</a> comic, "<a href="Land%20Beneath%20the%20Ground%21">Land Beneath the Ground!</a>", by <a href="Carl%20Barks">Carl Barks</a>, introduced Terries and Fermies (a play on the phrase "<a href="wikt%3Aterra%20firma">terra firma</a>"), creatures who move from place to place by rolling. The Terries and Fermies have made a sport of their rolling abilities, causing earthquakes in the process.

"<a href="Tuf%20Voyaging">Tuf Voyaging</a>", a 1986 science fiction novel by <a href="George%20R.%20R.%20Martin">George R. R. Martin</a>, features an alien called a Rolleram, described as a "berserk living cannonball of enormous size", which kills its prey by rolling over it and crushing it, before digesting it externally. Adults of the species weigh approximately six metric tons and can roll faster than .

In the <a href="Sonic%20the%20Hedgehog%20%28series%29">"Sonic the Hedgehog"</a> video game series, which first appeared in 1991, the eponymous <a href="Sonic%20the%20Hedgehog%20%28character%29">Sonic</a> and his sidekick <a href="Miles%20%26quot%3BTails%26quot%3B%20Prower">Tails</a> move by rolling.

The 1995 short story "Microbe", by <a href="Kenyon%20College">Kenyon College</a> biologist and <a href="feminist%20science%20fiction">feminist science fiction</a> writer <a href="Joan%20Slonczewski">Joan Slonczewski</a>, describes an exploratory expedition to an alien world whose plant and animal life consists entirely of <a href="torus">doughnut-shaped</a> organisms.

Wheeled creatures.
Toy animals with wheels dating from the <a href="Pre-Columbian%20era">Pre-Columbian era</a> were uncovered by archaeologists in <a href="Veracruz">Veracruz</a>, Mexico in the 1940s. The indigenous peoples of this region did not use wheels for transportation prior to the arrival of Europeans.

<a href="L.%20Frank%20Baum">L. Frank Baum</a>'s 1907 children's novel "<a href="Ozma%20of%20Oz">Ozma of Oz</a>" features humanoid creatures with wheels instead of hands and feet, called Wheelers.

The 1968 novel "<a href="The%20Goblin%20Reservation">The Goblin Reservation</a>" by <a href="Clifford%20D.%20Simak">Clifford D. Simak</a> features an intelligent alien race that uses biological wheels.

"<a href="Chorlton%20and%20the%20Wheelies">Chorlton and the Wheelies</a>", a British <a href="stop%20motion">stop-motion</a>-animated television series that aired from 1976 to 1979, was set in "Wheelie World", which was inhabited by three-wheeled creatures called "wheelies".

<a href="Piers%20Anthony">Piers Anthony</a>'s 1977 book "<a href="Cluster%20%28novels%29">Cluster</a>" and its sequels feature aliens called Polarians, which locomote by gripping and balancing atop a large ball. The ball is a living, though temporarily separable, portion of the Polarian's body.

<a href="David%20Brin">David Brin</a>'s <a href="Uplift%20Universe">"Uplift" Universe</a> includes a wheeled species called the g'Kek, which are described in some detail in the 1995 novel "<a href="Brightness%20Reef">Brightness Reef</a>". In 1996's "<a href="Infinity%27s%20Shore">Infinity's Shore</a>", a g'Kek is described as looking like "a squid in a wheelchair." The g'Kek suffer from <a href="arthritis">arthritic</a> axles in their old age, particularly when living in a <a href="gravitational%20biology">high gravity environment</a>.

A 1997 novel in the "<a href="Animorphs">Animorphs</a>" series, "<a href="The%20Andalite%20Chronicles">The Andalite Chronicles</a>", includes an alien called a Mortron, composed of two separate entities: a yellow and black bottom half with four wheels, and a red, elongated head with razor-sharp teeth and concealed wings.

The 2000 novel "<a href="The%20Amber%20Spyglass">The Amber Spyglass</a>", by English author <a href="Philip%20Pullman">Philip Pullman</a>, features an alien race known as the <a href="Races%20and%20creatures%20in%20His%20Dark%20Materials%23Mulefa">Mulefa</a>, which have diamond-shaped bodies with one leg at the front and back and one on each side. The Mulefa use large, disk-shaped seed pods as wheels. They mount the pods on bone axles on their front and back legs, while propelling themselves with their side legs. The Mulefa have a <a href="symbiosis">symbiotic</a> relationship with the seed pod trees, which depend on the rolling action to crack open the pods and allow the seeds to <a href="Seed%20dispersal">disperse</a>.

In the 2000 novel <a href="Wheelers%20%28novel%29">"Wheelers"</a>, by English mathematician <a href="Ian%20Stewart%20%28mathematician%29">Ian Stewart</a> and reproductive biologist <a href="Jack%20Cohen%20%28scientist%29">Jack Cohen</a>, a <a href="Jupiter">Jovian</a> species called "blimps" has developed the ability to biologically produce machines called "wheelers", which use wheels for locomotion.

The children's television series "<a href="Jungle%20Junction">Jungle Junction</a>", which premiered in 2009, features hybrid jungle animals with wheels rather than legs; one such animal, Ellyvan, is a hybrid of an <a href="elephant">elephant</a> and a <a href="van">van</a>. These animals traverse their habitat on elevated <a href="highway">highway</a>s.


</doc>
<doc id="54799472" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799472" title="Hand Drawn Pressing">
Hand Drawn Pressing

Hand Drawn Pressing is a vinyl record pressing company located in Addison, Texas. It opened as the world's first fully automated record pressing plant.

History.
Starting as Dallas-based record label <a href="Hand%20Drawn%20Records">Hand Drawn Records</a>, Hand Drawn Pressing expanded into record brokering in 2011, simplifying the process for artists and pressing records through another record pressing plant. It eventually became independent from the record label by the name of Hand Drawn Pressing under chief creative officer <a href="Dustin%20Blocker">Dustin Blocker</a> and chief operating officer Alex Cushing in 2014. Acquiring two vinyl record presses in 2016, Hand Drawn Pressing began operations in a packaging warehouse.

Technology.
Hand Drawn Pressing uses the WarmTone press engineered by Canada's <a href="Viryl%20Technologies">Viryl Technologies</a>. Before the introduction of the WarmTone press, all current record pressing facilities used machines exclusively resurfaced from the twentieth century. The resurfaced machines press an average of two records per minute. The WarmTone press averages three records per minute with a smaller percentage for error. With this technology, Hand Drawn Pressing has the goal of producing over one million records per year.

<a href="http%3A//www.handdrawnpressing.com/">Hand Drawn Pressing website</a>


</doc>
<doc id="54799479" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799479" title="1998–99 Úrvalsdeild karla (basketball)">
1998–99 Úrvalsdeild karla (basketball)

The 1998–99 Úrvalsdeild karla was the 47th season of the <a href="%C3%9Arvalsdeild%20karla%20%28basketball%29">Úrvalsdeild</a>, the top tier men's basketball league on <a href="Iceland">Iceland</a>. The season started on October 1, 1998 and ended on April 22, 1999. Keflavík won its fifth title by defeating Njarðvík 3–2 in the Finals.

Competition format.
The participating teams first played a conventional round-robin schedule with every team playing each opponent once "home" and once "away" for a total of 22 games. The top eight teams qualified for the championship playoffs whilst the bottom team was relegated to <a href="1.%20deild%20karla%20%28basketball%29">Division 1</a>.


</doc>
<doc id="54799502" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799502" title="Maspii">
Maspii

The "Maspii" was an Iranian Tribe, the <a href="Achaemenid">Achaemenid</a> royal family came from this tribe, as well as the <a href="Maraphii">Maraphii</a>.


</doc>
<doc id="54799505" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799505" title="Maraphii">
Maraphii

The "Maraphii" was an Iranian Tribe, the <a href="Achaemenid">Achaemenid</a> royal family came from this tribe, as well as the <a href="Maspii">Maspii</a>.


</doc>
<doc id="54799518" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799518" title="International Recommended Transit Corridor">
International Recommended Transit Corridor

The International Recommended Transit Corridor (IRTC) is a navy-patrolled route through the <a href="Gulf%20of%20Aden">Gulf of Aden</a>, measuring long and wide. According to the the fourth volume of the handbook "Best Management Practices to Deter Piracy off the Coast of Somalia and in the Arabian Sea Area" (known as BMP4), the current authoritative guide for merchant ships on self-defense against pirates issued and updated by Oil Companies International Marine Forum (OCIMF), it is encouraged that vessels register their voyages through the region with the <a href="Maritime%20Security%20Centre%20%E2%80%93%20Horn%20of%20Africa">Maritime Security Centre – Horn of Africa</a> (MSCHOA) as this registration is a key component of the operation of the International Recommended Transit Corridor.


</doc>
<doc id="54799521" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799521" title="Dennis Gonsalves">
Dennis Gonsalves

Dennis Gonsalves (* <a href="1943">1943</a>) is an American <a href="phytopathologist">phytopathologist</a>. He has created with his team a virus-resistant <a href="Papaya">Papaya</a>'s called SunUp and Rainbow, this was to rescue the Papaya growing industry in Hawaii from the devastating effects of the <a href="papaya%20ringspot%20virus">papaya ringspot virus</a> that hit in the late 1990s.

Life.
Gonsalves grew up on a <a href="Plantation">sugar plantation</a> in <a href="Kohala">Kohala</a>, Hawaii. He studied horticulture ( BS, 1965) and phytopathology at the <a href="University%20of%20Hawaii">University of Hawaii</a>. His doctorate was in 1968 at the <a href="University%20of%20California%2C%20Davis">University of California, Davis</a>. From 1972 to 1977 he worked at the <a href="University%20of%20Florida">University of Florida</a> and from 1977 to 2002 at <a href="Cornell%20University">Cornell University</a>, where he became a professor in 1995. Since 2002 he was the director of a <a href="United%20States%20Department%20of%20Agriculture">USDA</a> research center in Hilo and is now retired.

Work.
Gonsalves researched plant viruses. His work on virus-resistant plants, in particular the creation of a Papaya with resistance to the Papaya Ringspot virus, is recognized worldwide and has received several awards.

His Rainbow papaya makes up about 77 percent of the Hawaii's crop, funded by USAID, he helped develop locally adapted papaya varieties for <a href="Venezuela">Venezuela</a>, <a href="Jamaica">Jamaica</a>, <a href="Brazil">Brazil</a>, <a href="Africa">Africa</a>, and <a href="Bangladesh">Bangladesh</a>.





</doc>
<doc id="54799524" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799524" title="Sky High (1986 film)">
Sky High (1986 film)

Sky High is a 1986 American adventure and comedy film directed and produced by <a href="Nico%20Mastorakis">Nico Mastorakis</a>.This film has bean music composed by <a href="Dennis%20Haines">Dennis Haines</a>.The film stars <a href="Daniel%20Hirsch">Daniel Hirsch</a>, <a href="Clayton%20Norcross">Clayton Norcross</a>, <a href="Frank%20Schultz">Frank Schultz</a>, <a href="Yvette%20Jarvis">Yvette Jarvis</a> and John Lawrence in the lead roles.



</doc>
<doc id="54799531" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799531" title="Thaddeus Rutkowski">
Thaddeus Rutkowski

Thaddeus Rutkowski (born October 23, 1954 in <a href="Kingston%2C%20Pennsylvania">Kingston, Pennsylvania</a>) is an American author.

Early life and education.
Thaddeus Rutkowski was born in Kingston, Pennsylvania, and later moved to and was raised in <a href="Hublersburg%2C%20Pennsylvania">Hublersburg, Pennsylvania</a>. He is the son of a Polish-American father and Chinese-American mother. He is a graduate of <a href="Cornell%20University">Cornell University</a> and the <a href="Johns%20Hopkins%20University">Johns Hopkins University</a>.

Career.
Rutkowski has taught at <a href="Medgar%20Evers%20College">Medgar Evers College</a>. He is a member of the rag-tag literary collective, <a href="Ron%20Kolm%23The%20Unbearables">The Unbearables</a>. He is also on the editorial board of "Many Mountains Moving", a literary journal.

Rutkowski is the author of three novels. The first, "Roughhouse: A Novel in Snapshots" was released by Kaya Press in 1999, the second, "Tetched: A Novel in Fractals", was released by Behler Publications in 2005, and the third, "Haywire", was released by Stacherone Books in 2010. He also wrote "Violent Outbursts", a collection of <a href="Flash%20Fiction">Flash Fiction</a> (Spuyten Duvil 2015) of which John Amen writing in the Los Angeles Review said, "Rutkowski mines the confessional approach, everyday occurrences, and the fantastical, displaying thematic and stylistic range, with most of the pieces in this collection totaling less than five hundred words in length...".

In 2017, he was named a panelist by the <a href="New%20York%20Foundation%20for%20the%20Arts">New York Foundation for the Arts</a> on the committee to select the foundation's non-fiction literature awardees.
Rutkowski has contributed to the Opinionator column of the "<a href="New%20York%20Times">New York Times</a>" online.

He is a former <a href="Nuyorican%20Poets%20Cafe">Nuyorican Poets Cafe</a> <a href="Poetry%20Slam">Poetry Slam</a> champion. His work has appeared in the <a href="The%20Outlaw%20Bible%20of%20American%20Poetry">The Outlaw Bible of American Poetry</a>, the <a href="International%20Herald%20Tribune">International Herald Tribune</a>, <a href="Potomac%20Review">Potomac Review</a>, Iron Horse Review and <a href="Hayden%27s%20Ferry%20Review">Hayden's Ferry Review</a>.

Rutkowki lives in <a href="New%20York%20City">New York City</a> with his wife and daughter.

Critical response.
"<a href="Kirkus%20Reviews">Kirkus Reviews</a>" in its take on Rutkowski's collection of Fast Fiction "Violent Outburts" summarizes the work in the reviews closing sentence in declaring ..."Insouciant, twee, and aphoristic, Rutkowski’s voice handily skewers stupidity".

In writing on Rutkowski's third novel "Haywire", "<a href="Publishers%20Weekly">Publishers Weekly</a>" wrote that "unlike a lot of flash fiction, which tends to be built around a conceit or written toward a punch line, Rutkowski's best moments crackle unimpeded by self-consciousness.

<a href="Peter%20Selgin">Peter Selgin</a> in writing about Rutkowski's work in "<a href="American%20Book%20Review">American Book Review</a>" said, "Anyone who has had the pleasure of reading one of Thaddeus Rutkowski's books, in reading another, will know what he's in for: the mock-picaresque misadventures of a Chinese/Polish American son delivered in a deadpan style reminiscent of nothing so much as (for those old enough to remember) <a href="Jackie%20Vernon%20%28comedian%29">Jackie Vernon</a>'s "Vacation Slide Show" shtick on <a href="The%20Ed%20Sullivan%20Show">The Ed Sullivan Show</a>"... .

Novelist and <a href="Pulitzer%20Prize">Pulitzer Prize</a> winner <a href="Allison%20Lurie">Allison Lurie</a> wrote that Rutkowski was "one of the most original writers in America today" <a href="John%20Barth">John Barth</a> has called Rutkowski's fiction ..."tough and funny and touching and harrowing"...

Awards.
In 2012, Rutkowski was awarded a fellowship in fiction from the <a href="New%20York%20Foundation%20for%20the%20Arts">New York Foundation for the Arts</a>.

Also in 2012, his book "Haywire" was named Best Fiction by the <a href="Asian%20American%20Literary%20Award">Asian American Literary Award</a>.



</doc>
<doc id="54799537" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799537" title="Noodang Pimpol">
Noodang Pimpol

Noodang Pimpol (born 15 October 1968) is a Thai <a href="sprint%20%28running%29">sprinter</a>. She competed in the <a href="Athletics%20at%20the%201992%20Summer%20Olympics%20%E2%80%93%20Women%27s%20400%20metres">women's 400 metres</a> at the <a href="1992%20Summer%20Olympics">1992 Summer Olympics</a>.


</doc>
<doc id="54799549" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799549" title="Lives &amp; Livelihoods Fund">
Lives &amp; Livelihoods Fund

The Lives & Livelihoods Fund (Arabic: صندوق العيش والمعيشة)is a $2.5 billion multilateral development intiative created by the <a href="Bill%20%26amp%3B%20Melinda%20Gates%20Foundation">Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation</a>, the Islamic Development Bank, the <a href="Kingdom%20of%20Saudi%20Arabia">Kingdom of Saudi Arabia</a>, the <a href="United%20Arab%20Emirates">United Arab Emirates</a> and the <a href="State%20of%20Qatar">State of Qatar</a>. According to Gulf News, it is the "largest ever Middle-East based, fully-multilateral development initiaitve".

In 2015 The Economist magazine reported that Bill Gates and the Islamic Development Bank were partnering to create a $2.5 billion fund to tackle poverty and ill health in the Muslim world and would seek to collaborate in the fund with Gulf countries. The fund started operations in September 2016.


</doc>
<doc id="54799560" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799560" title="2017–18 División de Honor Juvenil de Fútbol">
2017–18 División de Honor Juvenil de Fútbol

The 2017–18 División de Honor Juvenil de Fútbol season is the 32nd since its establishment. The regular season begins on 3 September 2017 and ends on 8 April 2018.




</doc>
<doc id="54799564" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799564" title="Dropici">
Dropici

The Dropici were a <a href="Nomad">nomadic</a> people who lived in <a href="Iran">Iran</a> according to <a href="Herodotus">Herodotus</a>.


</doc>
<doc id="54799571" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799571" title="Alimata Koné">
Alimata Koné

Alimata Koné (born 22 January 1965) is an Ivorian <a href="sprint%20%28running%29">sprinter</a>. She competed in the <a href="Athletics%20at%20the%201992%20Summer%20Olympics%20%E2%80%93%20Women%27s%20400%20metres">women's 400 metres</a> at the <a href="1992%20Summer%20Olympics">1992 Summer Olympics</a>.


</doc>
<doc id="54799599" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799599" title="Claudine Williams">
Claudine Williams

Claudine Williams (born 8 January 1976) is a Jamaican <a href="sprint%20%28running%29">sprinter</a>. She competed in the <a href="Athletics%20at%20the%201992%20Summer%20Olympics%20%E2%80%93%20Women%27s%20400%20metres">women's 400 metres</a> at the <a href="1992%20Summer%20Olympics">1992 Summer Olympics</a>.


</doc>
<doc id="54799607" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799607" title="Dampath Fernando">
Dampath Fernando

<a href="Major-General%20%28Sri%20Lanka%29">Maj. General</a> Dampath Fernando is a Sri Lankan army officer and the current Deputy Chief of Staff of the <a href="Sri%20Lanka%20Army">Sri Lanka Army</a>. He is also the current <a href="Colonel%23Colonel%20of%20the%20Regiment">Colonel of the Regiment</a> of the <a href="Gemunu%20Watch">Gemunu Watch</a>.

Education and military career.
On finishing his schooling at <a href="De%20Mazenod%20College">De Mazenod College</a> <a href="Kandana">Kandana</a>, Fernando enlisted in the <a href="Sri%20Lanka%20Army">Sri Lanka Army</a> through its 18th Officer Cadet Intake on 27 April 1983. Completing basic training at <a href="Sri%20Lanka%20Military%20Academy">Diyatalawa</a>, he was commissioned as a <a href="Second%20Lieutenant">Second Lieutenant</a> on 7 November 1984 and posted to the <a href="Gemunu%20Watch">Gemunu Watch</a>.

Commands he has held over the years include that of the <a href="23%20Division%20%28Sri%20Lanka%29">23 Division</a> at the rank of <a href="Brigadier%20%28Sri%20Lanka%29">Brigadier</a>, in which role he oversaw the disarmament of the <a href="Tamil%20Makkal%20Viduthalai%20Pulikal">Tamil Makkal Viduthalai Pulikal</a> in 2009 

Following the end of the <a href="Sri%20Lankan%20Civil%20War">civil war</a>, Fernando was forced into retirement by Defense Secretary <a href="Gotabhaya%20Rajapakse">Gotabhaya Rajapakse</a> in a reshuffle of senior officers in the army, due to his associations with- and loyalty to- <a href="Mahinda%20Rajapakse">Mahinda Rajapakse</a>'s presidential rival <a href="Sarath%20Fonseka">Sarath Fonseka</a>, whom Fernando had served under for the length of <a href="Eelam%20War%20IV">Eelam War IV</a>. He was reinstated by newly elected President <a href="Maithripala%20Sirisena">Maithripala Sirisena</a> in February 2015 and appointed Commander, Security Force Headquarters- Mullaitivu (SFHQ-MLT). On 4 August 2017, Fernando was appointed Deputy Chief of Staff.


</doc>
<doc id="54799610" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799610" title="Slimane Bengui">
Slimane Bengui

Slimane Bengui was an <a href="Algeria">Algerian</a> writer and businessman. He was the director of the first <a href="French%20language">French</a>-language Algerian newspaper ""El Hack"". Moreover, he was also a tobacco manufacturer. 

""El Hack"" newspaper.
In 1893 Slimane Bengui, alongside Omar Samar and Khelil Kaid Laioun, launched the ""El Hack"" newspaper in <a href="B%C3%B4ne">Bône</a> (Annaba). The newspaper was the first publication available to the wider public in Algeria. Predominately written in <a href="French%20language">French</a>, the weekly newspaper also included some publications in the <a href="Arabic%20language">Arabic language</a>. 

Bengui's father, Hadj Omar, was the primary financial backer of the newspaper. As director, Bengui and his peers engaged in a cultural and political struggle to defend the values ​​of the colonized Muslim population. Consequently, the French administration banned the ""El Hack"" newspaper in 1894.

Personal life.
Bengui's father was El Haj Omar Bengui, who owned the "Dar Bengui" palace in <a href="Annaba">Annaba</a>. His mother was the daughter of Mostefa Ben Karim who was from the Bey Kara Ali family - a notable family of <a href="Turkish%20people">Turkish</a> origin.


</doc>
<doc id="54799617" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799617" title="Rory Butcher">
Rory Butcher

Rory Butcher (born 16 March 1987) is a <a href="United%20Kingdom">British</a> racing driver currently competing in the <a href="European%20Le%20Mans%20Series">European Le Mans Series</a> for <a href="JMW%20Motorsport">JMW Motorsport</a> and will make his debut in the <a href="British%20Touring%20Car%20Championship">British Touring Car Championship</a> for <a href="Motorbase%20Performance">Motorbase Performance</a> in August 2017. 

British Touring Car Championship.
He will join the series from the <a href="Knockhill%20Racing%20Circuit">Knockhill</a> round in August, replacing <a href="Luke%20Davenport">Luke Davenport</a> who was injured the qualifying session for the earlier round at <a href="Croft%20Circuit">Croft</a>. 

Racing record.
Complete British Touring Car Championship results.
 Season in progress.


</doc>
<doc id="54799624" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799624" title="Hǎi Qí-class cruiser">
Hǎi Qí-class cruiser

The "Hǎi Qí"-class () was a <a href="ship%20class">class</a> of two <a href="protected%20cruiser">protected cruiser</a>s built for the <a href="Qing%20Dynasty">Qing Dynasty</a> from 1899–1899. The "Hǎi Qí" was ordered shortly after the conclusion of the <a href="First%20Sino-Japanese%20War">First Sino-Japanese War</a> from the <a href="United%20Kingdom">United Kingdom</a> to replace the catastrophic losses of the <a href="Beiyang%20Fleet">Beiyang Fleet</a>. The "Hǎi Qí"-class would remain one of the largest ships commissioned by China until the <a href="Cold%20War">Cold War</a>. The "Hǎi Qí"-class would go on to serve in the <a href="Republic%20of%20China%20Navy">Republic of China Navy</a> through the <a href="National%20Protection%20War">National Protection War</a>, <a href="World%20War%20I">World War I</a>, the <a href="Second%20Zhili%E2%80%93Fengtian%20War">Second Zhili–Fengtian War</a>, and the <a href="Northern%20Expedition">Northern Expedition</a>.

Design and development.
With the conclusion of the First Sino-Japanese War in 1895, the <a href="Manchu">Manchu</a> Qing dynasty which had ruled China for over two hundred years was left broken. Her newly built, costly navy, the Beiyang Fleet, had been annihilated and her armies decimated by the more modern <a href="Imperial%20Japanese%20Army">Imperial Japanese Army</a>. With the weakness of China's military abilities exposed, foreign powers renewed attempts to carve up China with <a href="unequal%20treaty">unequal treaties</a>. In a few short years after the war, several such treaties were signed with the Qing government. In 1896 the <a href="Li%E2%80%93Lobanov%20Treaty">Li–Lobanov Treaty</a> was signed with the <a href="Russian%20Empire">Russian Empire</a> effectively ceding sovereignty over <a href="Northeast%20China">Northeast China</a> to Russia. In 1898 the <a href="Convention%20for%20the%20Extension%20of%20Hong%20Kong%20Territory">Convention for the Extension of Hong Kong Territory</a> was signed with the <a href="United%20Kingdom">United Kingdom</a>, leasing the territory for 99 years. A similar unequal treaty with the <a href="German%20Empire">German Empire</a> was signed in the same year for a 99-year lease of <a href="Kiautschou%20Bay%20concession">Jiaozhou</a>. The following year <a href="Guangzhouwan">Guangzhouwan</a> was leased to <a href="French%20colonial%20empire">France</a>. With more Western powers looking for <a href="Concession%20%28territory%29">territorial concessions</a>, The Qing government announced an ambitious plan to rebuild China's navy in May 1896 with western built ships. The Marquis of Suyi, <a href="Li%20Hongzhang">Li Hongzhang</a>, was appointed to head the mission. Li, a veteran diplomat of the Qing was sent as China's special envoy to the coronation of <a href="Nicholas%20II%20of%20Russia">Nicholas II of Russia</a>, where he concluded the aforementioned unequal treaty bearing his name with <a href="Aleksey%20Lobanov-Rostovsky">Aleksey Lobanov-Rostovsky</a>. From <a href="Moscow">Moscow</a>, Li toured through Europe, visiting Germany, France, <a href="Belgium">Belgium</a> and the United Kingdom by August 1896 to solicit orders for warships. Li then crossed the <a href="Atlantic%20ocean">Atlantic</a> to the <a href="United%20States">United States</a> to advocate for the reform of the <a href="Chinese%20Exclusion%20Act">Chinese Exclusion Act</a>. Due to continued financial problems created by the wake of the Sino-Japanese War, a modest order of <a href="H%C7%8Ei%20R%C3%B3ng-class%20cruiser">three protected cruisers</a> from <a href="AG%20Vulcan%20Stettin">Vulcan</a>, two protected cruisers from <a href="Armstrong%20Whitworth">Armstrong Whitworth</a> and <a href="H%C7%8Ei%20L%C3%B3ng-class%20destroyer">four destroyer</a>s from <a href="Schichau-Werke">Schichau</a> were ordered, rather than the <a href="battleship">battleship</a>s originally envisioned.

The two cruisers from, Armstrong Whitworth would be named Hǎi Qí (), the <a href="lead%20ship">lead ship</a> and Hǎi Tiān () and ordered July 1896. "Hǎi Qí" would be laid down 11 November 1896, launched 24 January 1989 and commissioned 10 May 1899. Her sister ship, Hǎi Tiān, although laid down nearly three months earlier on 16 February 1897 and launched 25 November 1897, would be commissioned commissioned earlier, on 28 March 1899. The "Hǎi Qí"-class design was based on the <a href="Argentina">Argentinean</a> protected cruiser (designed by renowned British <a href="naval%20architecture">naval architect</a> <a href="Philip%20Watts%20%28naval%20architect%29">Philip Watts</a>) which Armstrong Whitworth had just built a year earlier. The "Hǎi Qí"-class had a displacement 4300 tons and a full displacement of 4515 tons. The ships' <a href="armour">armour</a> was made from <a href="Harvey%20armour">harvey steel</a>. The <a href="Deck%20%28ship%29">deck</a> was protected by a thick, sloped, to mm of armour on the flat. <a href="Gun%20shield">Gun shield</a>s were with thick ammunition hoists. The <a href="conning%20tower">conning tower</a> was thick. Like the Buenos Aires, the primary battery were two single-mounted <a href="EOC%208%20inch%2045%20caliber"></a>/45 <a href="calibre">calibre</a> guns, mounted fore and aft behind shields on the ship's centreline. Unlike the Buenos Aires, which had a mixed secondary armament of 6" and 4.7" guns, the "Hǎi Qí"-class had a uniform calibre of ten secondary guns <a href="QF%204.7%20inch%20Mk%20V%20naval%20gun">QF 4.7 inch Mk V naval gun</a>. Tertiary armaments consisted of sixteen <a href="QF%203-pounder%20Hotchkiss">QF 3-pounder Hotchkiss</a>. The "Hǎi Qí"-class was also armed with five above-water, <a href="torpedo%20tubes">torpedo tubes</a>. One tube located at the <a href="bow">bow</a> and four more tubes mounted <a href="broadside">broadside</a>, just <a href="aft">aft</a> of the <a href="Mast%20%28sailing%29">mast</a>. Propulsion was provided by four <a href="Hawthorn%20Leslie%20and%20Company">Hawthorn Leslie</a> <a href="vertical%20triple%20expansion">vertical triple expansion</a> engines, powered by twelve cylindrical boilers which consisted of four double-ended and four single-ended types. Capable of carrying 1000 tons of <a href="coal">coal</a>, range was listed as at an 'economical speed'. During <a href="sea%20trial">sea trial</a>s, Hǎi Tiān was rated at at natural draught but was capable of up to at forced draught. Hǎi Tiān set sail for China on 22 May 1899 with a British contract crew, followed three weeks later by "Hǎi Qí" and by August both cruisers had reached China where they joined the reconstituted <a href="Beiyang%20Fleet">Beiyang Fleet</a> at <a href="Taku%20Forts">Dàgū</a>. Upon arrival, "Hǎi Qí" was assigned as the <a href="flagship">flagship</a> of <a href="Commodore%20%28rank%29">Commodore</a> <a href="Sa%20Zhenbing">Sa Zhenbing</a>.



</doc>
<doc id="54799628" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799628" title="Will Wilson (artist)">
Will Wilson (artist)

Will Wilson (born 1957) is an American artist known for portrait paintings, illustrations and <a href="Trompe-l%27%C5%93il">Trompe L'Oeil</a> works. His works are held in the collections of the <a href="Smithsonian%20Institution">Smithsonian</a>'s <a href="National%20Portrait%20Gallery%20%28United%20States%29">National Portrait Gallery</a>.

Early life and education.
Wilson was born on August 18, 1957. He attended the Schuler School of Fine Arts, in his hometown of <a href="Baltimore">Baltimore</a>, <a href="Maryland">Maryland</a>, from 1975-1979.

Career.
Wilson currently lives and works in <a href="San%20Francisco">San Francisco</a>, <a href="California">California</a>. He is represented by the John Pence Gallery for much of his career.

An illustration by Wilson was featured as the cover art on Michael Jackson album released in 1997.

In June 2008, former Maryland governor <a href="Bob%20Ehrlich">Bob Ehrlich Jr.</a> unveiled his official portrait painted by Will Wilson. The two were childhood friends in Baltimore, Maryland. A portrait of Reynolds Price painted by Wilson is held in the collection of the <a href="National%20Portrait%20Gallery%20%28United%20States%29">National Portrait Gallery</a> in <a href="Washington%2C%20D.C.">Washington, D.C.</a>


</doc>
<doc id="54799635" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799635" title="2017–18 Penn State Nittany Lions basketball team">
2017–18 Penn State Nittany Lions basketball team

The 2017–18 Penn State Nittany Lions basketball team will represent <a href="Pennsylvania%20State%20University">Pennsylvania State University</a> in the <a href="2017%E2%80%9318%20NCAA%20Division%20I%20men%27s%20basketball%20season">2017–18 NCAA Division I men's basketball season</a>. They will be led by head coach <a href="Pat%20Chambers">Pat Chambers</a>, in his seventh season with the team, and will play their home games at the <a href="Bryce%20Jordan%20Center">Bryce Jordan Center</a> in <a href="University%20Park%2C%20Pennsylvania">University Park, Pennsylvania</a> as members of the <a href="Big%20Ten%20Conference">Big Ten Conference</a>.

Previous season.
The <a href="2016%E2%80%9317%20Penn%20State%20Nittany%20Lions%20basketball%20team">Nittany Lions</a> finished the <a href="2016%E2%80%9317%20NCAA%20Division%20I%20men%27s%20basketball%20season">2016–17 season</a> 15–18, 6–12 in <a href="2016%E2%80%9317%20Big%20Ten%20Conference%20men%27s%20basketball%20season">Big Ten play</a> to finish in a tie for 12th place. As the No. 13 seed in the <a href="2017%20Big%20Ten%20Conference%20Men%27s%20Basketball%20Tournament">Big Ten Tournament</a>, they beat <a href="2016%E2%80%9317%20Nebraska%20Cornhuskers%20men%27s%20basketball%20team">Nebraska</a> in the first round before losing to <a href="2016%E2%80%9317%20Michigan%20State%20Spartans%20men%27s%20basketball%20team">Michigan State</a> in the second round.

Schedule and results.
The <a href="2018%20Big%20Ten%20Conference%20Men%27s%20Basketball%20Tournament">2018 Big Ten Tournament</a> will be held at <a href="Madison%20Square%20Garden">Madison Square Garden</a> in <a href="New%20York%20City">New York</a>. Due to the <a href="Big%20East%20Conference">Big East</a>'s use of that venue for their conference tournament, the Big Ten Tournament will take place one week earlier than usual, ending the week before Selection Sunday. This could result in teams having nearly two weeks off before the <a href="2018%20NCAA%20Division%20I%20Men%27s%20Basketball%20Tournament">NCAA Tournament</a>. As a result, it is anticipated that the Big Ten regular season will begin in mid-December. Coaches have requested that no Big Ten game be scheduled between Christmas and New Year's Day, accordingly each team will play two conference games in early December before finishing non-conference play. 
!colspan=9 style=|Bahamas exhibition trip

!colspan=9 style=| Exhibition
!colspan=9 style=|Regular season

!colspan=9 style=|<a href="2018%20Big%20Ten%20Conference%20Men%27s%20Basketball%20Tournament">Big Ten Tournament</a>


</doc>
<doc id="54799644" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799644" title="Derlys Ayala">
Derlys Ayala

Derlys Ayala (born 7 January 1990) is a Paraguayan <a href="long-distance%20running">long distance runner</a>. He competed in the <a href="2017%20World%20Championships%20in%20Athletics%20%E2%80%93%20Men%27s%20marathon">men's marathon</a> at the <a href="2017%20World%20Championships%20in%20Athletics">2017 World Championships in Athletics</a>.


</doc>
<doc id="54799656" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799656" title="Jack Colreavy">
Jack Colreavy

Jack Colreavy (born 15 June 1989) is an Australian <a href="long-distance%20running">long distance runner</a>. He competed in the <a href="2017%20World%20Championships%20in%20Athletics%20%E2%80%93%20Men%27s%20marathon">men's marathon</a> at the <a href="2017%20World%20Championships%20in%20Athletics">2017 World Championships in Athletics</a>.


</doc>
<doc id="54799665" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799665" title="Josh Harris (athlete)">
Josh Harris (athlete)

Josh Harris (born 3 July 1990) is an Australian <a href="long-distance%20running">long distance runner</a>. He competed in the <a href="2017%20World%20Championships%20in%20Athletics%20%E2%80%93%20Men%27s%20marathon">men's marathon</a> at the <a href="2017%20World%20Championships%20in%20Athletics">2017 World Championships in Athletics</a>.


</doc>
<doc id="54799674" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799674" title="Harkleroad wind turbine">
Harkleroad wind turbine

The Harkleroad wind turbine was built to generate electricity. It appears along a heavily traveled freeway in northern California.

Around 1960, Sam Harkleroad designed and constructed three unusual structures on a plot of land in Novato, California:

Sam Harkleroad.
Sam Harkleroad was born on October 20, 1909, and grew up on a farm in <a href="Fresno">Fresno</a>. His education ended with high school. He lived much of his life in Marin County. Harkleroad died on June 12, 1993, at the age of 83. 

Harkleroad was a contractor, who liked to use recycled materials.

The Harkleroad structures are on a street named Harkle Road.

Round house.
The round house once appeared in a Popular Mechanics article, which explained how the house was able to rotate 320 degrees, while the plumbing and electrical systems continued to function.
Taco house.
One of the three buildings has a <a href="saddle%20roof">saddle roof</a> made of 2 by 4 lumber.
This house was for sale in 1959, with a minimum bid of $32,000.

Workshop.
The roof of the workshop has a wind turbine, intended to provide electricity, however, it is no longer used.



</doc>
<doc id="54799679" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799679" title="Valentin Pfeil">
Valentin Pfeil

Valentin Pfeil (born 17 July 1988) is an Austrian <a href="long-distance%20running">long distance runner</a>. He competed in the <a href="2017%20World%20Championships%20in%20Athletics%20%E2%80%93%20Men%27s%20marathon">men's marathon</a> at the <a href="2017%20World%20Championships%20in%20Athletics">2017 World Championships in Athletics</a>.


</doc>
<doc id="54799688" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799688" title="Mayuresh Pem">
Mayuresh Pem

Mayuresh Pem is a <a href="Marathi%20film">Marathi film</a> actor best known for his role in the film (2017), (2017) and <a href="Zhalla%20Bobhata">Zhalla Bobhata</a> (2017).



</doc>
<doc id="54799690" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799690" title="Bangabandhu Bhaban">
Bangabandhu Bhaban

Bangabandhu Bhaban was the personal residence of the founding father and President of Bangladesh. Sheikh Mujib was killed along with most of his family in the residence, and today it is a museum. It is located in Dhanmondi, Dhaka.

History.
On 15 August 1975, some disgruntled Army officers carried out the <a href="Assassination%20of%20Sheikh%20Mujibur%20Rahman">Assassination of Sheikh Mujibur Rahman</a>. His wife <a href="Sheikh%20Fazilatunnesa%20Mujib">Sheikh Fazilatunnesa Mujib</a>, his sons <a href="Sheikh%20Kamal">Sheikh Kamal</a>, <a href="Sheikh%20Jamal">Sheikh Jamal</a>, <a href="Sheikh%20Russel">Sheikh Russel</a> were killed in the attack on their residence.

Museum.
The house has been transformed into the Bangabandhu Memorial Museum. <a href="Bangabandhu%20Memorial%20Trust">Bangabandhu Memorial Trust</a> was handed the house to turn into a museum on 6 September 1994. The trust operates the museum.


</doc>
<doc id="54799692" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799692" title="Leslie Encina">
Leslie Encina

Leslie Encina (born 2 January 1982) is a Chilean <a href="long-distance%20running">long distance runner</a>. He competed in the <a href="2017%20World%20Championships%20in%20Athletics%20%E2%80%93%20Men%27s%20marathon">men's marathon</a> at the <a href="2017%20World%20Championships%20in%20Athletics">2017 World Championships in Athletics</a>.


</doc>
<doc id="54799704" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799704" title="Manuel Cabrera">
Manuel Cabrera

Manuel Cabrera (born 30 January 1983) is a Chilean <a href="long-distance%20running">long distance runner</a>. He competed in the <a href="2017%20World%20Championships%20in%20Athletics%20%E2%80%93%20Men%27s%20marathon">men's marathon</a> at the <a href="2017%20World%20Championships%20in%20Athletics">2017 World Championships in Athletics</a>.


</doc>
<doc id="54799712" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799712" title="Qatar Fund for Development">
Qatar Fund for Development

Qatar Fund for Development (acronym: QFFD, Arabic: صندوق قطر للتنمية) is a government entity in the <a href="State%20of%20Qatar">State of Qatar</a> which is responsible for Qatar's international development and foreign aid. QFFD also coordinates Qatar’s charitable and development institutions. The Director-General is <a href="Khalifa%20bin%20Jassim%20Al%20Kuwari">Khalifa bin Jassim Al Kuwari</a>.


</doc>
<doc id="54799724" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799724" title="Yohanes Ghebregergis">
Yohanes Ghebregergis

Yohanes Ghebregergis (born 1 January 1989) is an Eritrean <a href="long-distance%20running">long distance runner</a>. He competed in the <a href="2017%20World%20Championships%20in%20Athletics%20%E2%80%93%20Men%27s%20marathon">men's marathon</a> at the <a href="2017%20World%20Championships%20in%20Athletics">2017 World Championships in Athletics</a>.


</doc>
<doc id="54799735" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799735" title="Ghebrezgiabhier Kibrom">
Ghebrezgiabhier Kibrom

Ghebrezgiabhier Kibrom (born 1 February 1987) is an Eritrean <a href="long-distance%20running">long distance runner</a>. He competed in the <a href="2017%20World%20Championships%20in%20Athletics%20%E2%80%93%20Men%27s%20marathon">men's marathon</a> at the <a href="2017%20World%20Championships%20in%20Athletics">2017 World Championships in Athletics</a>.


</doc>
<doc id="54799749" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799749" title="Millettia rhodantha">
Millettia rhodantha

Millettia rhodantha is a <a href="plant">plant</a> species as described by <a href="Henri%20Ernest%20Baillon">Henri Ernest Baillon</a>, found in <a href="Angola">Angola</a>. A synonym to it is "Millettia aromatica." 

"Millettia rhodantha" is included in the genus "<a href="Millettia">Millettia</a>" in the <a href="Fabaceae">Fabaceae</a> family. 

It grows to a height of . No subspecies are listed in the <a href="Catalogue%20of%20Life">Catalogue of Life</a>.


</doc>
<doc id="54799750" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799750" title="Jennifer Pettke">
Jennifer Pettke

Jennifer Pettke (born ) is a German <a href="volleyball">volleyball</a> player.
She is a member of the <a href="Germany%20women%27s%20national%20volleyball%20team">Germany women's national volleyball team</a> and plays for <a href="Rote%20Raben%20Vilsbiburg">Rote Raben Vilsbiburg</a> in 2017.
She was part of the German national team at the <a href="2014%20FIVB%20Volleyball%20Women%27s%20World%20Championship">2014 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship</a> in Italy.

Career.
In 2007, she took part in the World Championship in Thailand as a substitute for <a href="Nora%20G%C3%B6tz">Nora Götz</a> with the German junior national team and finished seventh.
She played for Alliance MTV Stuttgart, in the <a href="2016%20FIVB%20Volleyball%20World%20Grand%20Prix">2016 FIVB Volleyball World Grand Prix</a> and <a href="2017%20FIVB%20Volleyball%20World%20Grand%20Prix">2017 FIVB Volleyball World Grand Prix</a>.




</doc>
<doc id="54799752" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799752" title="Andrew Davies (athlete)">
Andrew Davies (athlete)

Andrew Davies (born 30 October 1979) is a British <a href="long-distance%20running">long distance runner</a>. He competed in the <a href="2017%20World%20Championships%20in%20Athletics%20%E2%80%93%20Men%27s%20marathon">men's marathon</a> at the <a href="2017%20World%20Championships%20in%20Athletics">2017 World Championships in Athletics</a>.


</doc>
<doc id="54799782" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799782" title="Ignas Brasevičius">
Ignas Brasevičius

Ignas Brasevičius (born 21 September 1984) is a Lithuanian <a href="long-distance%20running">long distance runner</a>. He competed in the <a href="2017%20World%20Championships%20in%20Athletics%20%E2%80%93%20Men%27s%20marathon">men's marathon</a> at the <a href="2017%20World%20Championships%20in%20Athletics">2017 World Championships in Athletics</a>.


</doc>
<doc id="54799791" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799791" title="Beaver Creek (Kenai, Alaska)">
Beaver Creek (Kenai, Alaska)

Beaver Creek is a stream located on the western portion of the <a href="Kenai%20Peninsula">Kenai Peninsula</a>. Beaver Creek flows approximately 10 miles from its source at Beaver Lake in the <a href="Kenai%20National%20Wildlife%20Refuge">Kenai National Wildlife Refuge</a> to the <a href="Kenai%20River">Kenai River</a> approximately 4 river miles from the mouth of that river in the City of <a href="Kenai%2C%20Alaska">Kenai</a> at Cook Inlet. Beaver Creek was the common name added to the USGS Geographic Names Information System in 1951.

Recreation.
Beaver Creek shares the Kenai National Wildlife Refuge with the <a href="Swanson%20River">Swanson River</a> which has a well known canoe system. Approximately 16,000 years ago the Swanson River flowed south through what is now Beaver Creek.


</doc>
<doc id="54799797" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799797" title="Namupala Reonard">
Namupala Reonard

Namupala Reonard (born 28 March 1982) is a Namibian <a href="long-distance%20running">long distance runner</a>. He competed in the <a href="2017%20World%20Championships%20in%20Athletics%20%E2%80%93%20Men%27s%20marathon">men's marathon</a> at the <a href="2017%20World%20Championships%20in%20Athletics">2017 World Championships in Athletics</a>.


</doc>
<doc id="54799808" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=54799808" title="Paulus Iiyambo">
Paulus Iiyambo

Paulus Iiyambo (born 18 March 1982) is a Namibian <a href="long-distance%20running">long distance runner</a>. He competed in the <a href="2017%20World%20Championships%20in%20Athletics%20%E2%80%93%20Men%27s%20marathon">men's marathon</a> at the <a href="2017%20World%20Championships%20in%20Athletics">2017 World Championships in Athletics</a>.


</doc>
